*Leo Laporte* Bandwidth for this WEEK in TECH is provided by AOL Radio
at aol.com/podcasting.

This is TWiT; this WEEK in TECH, episode 192 for April 26, 2009, Kipple
And Bits.

This WEEK in TECH is brought to you by; audible.com. Sign up for the
Platinum plan and get two free books. Go to audible.com/twit2. And
follow Audible on Twitter, user ID audible_com; and by GoToMyPC, unchain
yourself from your office PC and access it from anywhere with GoToMyPC.
For your free thirty-day trial, visit gotomypc.com/twit.

It’s time for TWiT, the show that covers all things – God, I don’t even
know what we cover, all things technological and we are going to have a
massive TWiT today. And I am thrilled about it. Starting off in SkypeBox
number two, Mr. *Patrick Norton*, ladies and gentlemen, my good buddy
and pal, hey Patrick.

*Patrick Norton* How is it going?

*Leo Laporte* It’s going great, it’s great to have you back on, from the
Techzilla show on Revision3 and my old co-host on The Screen Savers, he
is in the garage today.

*Patrick Norton* Always in the garage.

*Leo Laporte* Sarah kick you out, put you in the garage, is that it?

*Patrick Norton* No, it’s the farthest I can get from the toddler
without having to sit in the car.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, that actually makes perfect sense to me. Also, with
us via Skype, Mr. *Jason Calacanis*. Hello, Jason, how are you today?

*Jason Calacanis* I am having the greatest week of my life. Great to see
everybody, peace to all my peoples in the chat room.

*Leo Laporte* Peace to my homies.

*Jason Calacanis* To all the haters out there --

*Leo Laporte* Oh come on, there are no haters.

*Jason Calacanis* No love for you. No love for the haters.

*Leo Laporte* Nothing but people who love Mr. *Jason Calacanis*. Also
here, I am very pleased, he’s back from his days breathing fire, the
fire eating *Brian Brushwood*……..

*Brian Brushwood* Howdy

*Leo Laporte* …from shwood.com. Brian is the host of Scam School on
Revision3 and the last time he was here, he said we need a cheap red
wine, so we got one for you.

*Brian Brushwood* Thank goodness.

*Leo Laporte* Could you have possibly bought a bigger laptop computer?

*Brian Brushwood* Oh yes, this is?

*Catherine Hall* Yes, I mean, how heavy is this?

*Brian Brushwood* It’s like eight pounds. It’s a desktop replacement.

*Leo Laporte* Poor Catherine.

*Catherine Hall* Do you call it the battleship?

*Brian Brushwood* I should call it the battleship. This is my
compromise, because this is like ………

*Leo Laporte* Call it Capricorn.

*Brian Brushwood* I spend so much time on the road that my wife doesn’t
want me to come home and ignore everyone to play games. So I figure I
get a gaming laptop, get my game on the road.

*Leo Laporte* That’s one of those DELL FX Gaming…..

*Brian Brushwood* Yes, the Gateway.

*Leo Laporte* The Gateway, I mean.

*Brian Brushwood* I actually was embarrassed about -- that it was a
Gateway, I covered up the Gateway logo.

*Leo Laporte* I noticed that, you put the TWiT logo where the Gateway
logo belongs? And there’s a sideways Apple, I don’t even know what
that’s all about.

*Brian Brushwood* That was – somebody just – that was a sneak attack,
somebody just…

*Leo Laporte* Slapped it on?

*Brian Brushwood* ……..slapped it on there.

*Leo Laporte* Scam School, great show, great way to learn how to win bar
bets, essentially.

*Brian Brushwood* Yes, manipulate people, get what you want.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, also here, I’m very pleased to say, *Catherine Hall*,
my good friend and photographer. Catherine is a specialist in taking
pictures of people, but she is also a geek, as any digital photographer
must be these days, at catherinehall.net. Great to see you.

*Catherine Hall* Thank you.

*Leo Laporte* And finally, last but not the least, The Bird Brain
herself, ladies and gentlemen, Miss Kirsten Sanford.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Howdy

*Leo Laporte* I said it right.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* You did.

*Leo Laporte* I paused, I thought, no consonants and I got it right.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Good.

*Leo Laporte* Kiki, you’re actually a good person to have on this day
because the big story as we record, and it is a developing story is the
story of this swine flu.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yes, it’s huge right now.

*Leo Laporte* And it’s really interesting to watch people’s reaction to
this. Some people like Colleen go, oh yeah, just another one of those
stories.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Whatever.

*Leo Laporte* She said I’m worried about the killer bees but I guess now
I can worry about the swine flu. She mocks it. But then there are those
of us like me, who read all the books about the 1918 pandemic that
killed 10 million people. And I’m thinking……

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Right.

*Leo Laporte* …..could this be the one.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Well, there could be a pandemic and the CDC
and other – and The World Health Organization have been looking out for
the next big pandemic and the way that we have international travel and
just the way that our world works we’re so much more connected and
people come across -- into contact with so many more people on a daily
basis now. Our schools are crowded, and that’s another thing, they’ve
shut down schools in Mexico as a result of this outbreak……….

*Leo Laporte* They are shutting down schools in Texas now.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* ……and there’s a school in New York City, I
think they are shutting down a school there and so it’s scary and there
is a reason to mock the story and there is a reason to take it very
seriously.

*Leo Laporte* We just don’t know yet.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And that’s right, we just don’t know. But
the thing about the swine flu that is scarier than the avian flu is the
fact that it comes from a mammal. So, the jump in the avian flu, in
order for the flu to become a pandemic coming from birds to people is
that it would have to switch to become contagious among people. And so
that’s a major mutation, and that’s not necessarily something that – it
might take place in a bird but then that bird doesn’t come in contact
with the person and so it could never make it to people, or swine or
whatever. But the fact that this is a flu coming from a very close
relative of the human species makes it a lot more dangerous and it’s –
and the sub-types that it’s made up of, this H1N1 sub-type, it’s very
contagious, it’s contagious, it’s a mammalian flu, and that’s two out of
three of the major factors, when an organization like the CDC is looking
at it to determine whether or not it might become a pandemic, and so
this is something that the CDC is taking very seriously. And the CDC, I
will be honest here, our government is not ready, our health system is
not ready to do anything.

*Leo Laporte* There are no vaccines. I heard a report that there is one
company that can make them, they say, in double -- in half the time, it
takes them half the time, that’s still 13 weeks.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Right, and so by that time, the pandemic
can already have taken its course, they’re saying that this flu is
showing up in two days, maybe as long as five days to show up in a
person to..

*Leo Laporte* Well, I am watching, there is Google Maps which is great,
there are number of – I put a link in the Show Notes to a Mashable
Article that says how to follow this, and you can use the World Health
Organization or the Centers for Disease Control, but there is also a
great Google Map, and I’ve been looking at this Google Map, and every
time I look, there are more dots on the Map. Originally it was Mexico,
then North America, then Europe, and now I am seeing in Columbia, I am
seeing in New Zealand, some outbreaks in Europe, and even in the Middle
East, and in this day and age, with – of air travel…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yes.

*Leo Laporte* This stuff could spread very quickly.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yes, and that’s something they have known
for several years, is that because we are, because of air travel and our
ability to be international within a few hours, these things can spread
so easily, and the biggest protection that you can have for yourself is
to wash your hands, that’s the best thing you can do.

*Leo Laporte* What about those masks?

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yes, the masks help.

*Leo Laporte* Do they help?

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Uh-huh, absolutely, if you…

*Leo Laporte* They are like the surgical masks, the cheap ones you get
at Long’s, those are okay?

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yes, because the airborne particles, when
people sneeze or cough, those particles end up in the air and so if you
know you’re going to be out around people, you’re going to, maybe a
school, or you’re going to a hospital, where sick people go, maybe you
want to put on a mask to protect yourself.

*Leo Laporte* I am going to start wearing one right now, in fact what
are you doing in my room? Get out of here, all of you.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I washed my hands, really.

*Brian Brushwood* I have heard the opposite, so this is news to me. What
I heard was, is that wearing a mask was not a good idea, it gave you a
false sense of security and that the reason that you see them wearing
them in surgeries is not to keep something from getting into their
mouth, but to keep them from coughing, and…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* It’s to get out, yes.

*Leo Laporte* So a mask is even more useful if you are sick.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yes, if you’re…

*Brian Brushwood* That’s what I would imagine.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* If you are sick, it’s much more helpful, I
mean the thing is, if you’re going to wipe your nose with your hand or,
that puts bacterial – the viral, not bacterial, but the viral particles
onto your hand.

*Leo Laporte* This was more airborne than normal, is that what I am
reading, is some – I can’t really quite follow all this stuff.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I don’t know, necessarily that it’s more
airborne than normal.

*Leo Laporte* There is a lot of hysteria.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* If it is a flu that gets into the lungs and
the mucous membranes, I mean, that’s where, I mean, different viruses
will get into different tissues in different ways.

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And so, this flu might be specifically
multiplying within the mucous membranes, and so the – if that’s where it
is, then you’re going to be sneezing, and air particles are going to
come out, those are going to contain viral particles, and then it’s air
borne. You have these aerosolized particles – aerosolized little bits of
things flying around everywhere.

*Leo Laporte* And the reason we’re taking this seriously is because 20
people have died in Mexico.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yes.

*Leo Laporte* It is fatal for some, nobody has died yet outside of
Mexico, I am not sure why that is.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And I don’t know, something that I haven’t
seen is that the people who are dying are probably immune system
compromised to begin with.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, and what’s interesting they tend to be younger people.

*Patrick Norton* Quick question.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, *Patrick Norton*.

*Patrick Norton* I mean, because I – my wife’s been very concerned about
this because we have a toddler, it’s starting to show up, a minor panic
in some of my relatives, I mean, can we put this in the perspective
compared to the 1918 pandemic, I mean, because the numbers in the
pandemic vary between 50 and 100 million were killed, the numbers, as
the people doing – epidemiologists doing the study, as they get more
contemporary, they scale the numbers up. They don’t know if it started
in Fort Riley, like somewhere in Kansas or somewhere in Asia, the
records aren’t tight enough to know what it is, they did say that it was
a cytokine storm, an overreaction of the body’s immune system that
caused the deaths more so than the actual flu itself.

But we are talking about 5 to 20% of the people, I think probably closer
to 5% of the people who contracted the disease, and something like a
quarter of the United States at one point or – not disease, the
influenza, like 25, 20% of the U.S. population had it, like 2 to 5% of
the population died from it. What are we talking about, because
everybody’s like, 20 people have died in Mexico, and it’s like, dude,
like 800 people…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* It’s 86 actually, according to…

*Leo Laporte* 86, is it now?

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* 86.

*Patrick Norton* 86, okay…

*Leo Laporte* But there haven’t been that many, I mean if you look at
the Map, there are not that many points on the Map yet, so…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* What was your question?

*Patrick Norton* Yes, but I mean, we are talking about the United
States, like a typical year is 44,000 traffic fatalities.

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Patrick Norton* Divided by 365, so let’s call that 120 are going to die
today in car accidents in the United States, 20 – 86 people have died in
Mexico, you know what I am saying?

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Uh-huh.

*Patrick Norton* Like I am trying to understand what percentage of the
people are dying of this? Is it spreading to the – have the
epidemiologists that are working on it, because they are like, the
Center for Disease Control is like, whoo, proof that we need to be
funded, yes, and that [indiscernible], I mean, I tease, like I happen to
love the idea that they are, I wish that they were as well funded as
other branches of government that have failed us incredibly in the last
couple of years, but, so they’re flying in experts to try to start
tracking this. Do we even know in Mexico, how many people, what
percentage of people have actually died, and how many, what percentage
of the population has it? Because it just seems like, it’s a 24 hour
news cycle, tune in to the tail end of the 5’O Clock broadcast.

*Leo Laporte* Some of it could be that, Patrick, but there is, because
of the pandemic of 1918, there is a legitimate concern, and people,
health officials are very concerned that this could be the one, In fact
I have read an article that said, it’s not a question of when, it’s
going to happen, we just don’t know if it’s this one.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yes, it will happen, yes, we don’t know if
it’s this one, I mean, you are right, like we said before, there is a
certain aspect of it that is the 24 hour news cycle, and these news
agencies are grabbing on something that’s not war related to be able to
talk about and so they are like, yes…

Unknown Speaker Or finance related…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Or finance related, it’s something
completely different…

*Leo Laporte* It’s bad news that doesn’t have anything to do with the
other bad news.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Right, but at the same…

*Leo Laporte* Fresh bad news. Quick, get the graphics department going.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* But at the same time this is something that
we do need to be concerned about. I don’t think it’s being going long
enough for them to really – I mean, maybe the CDC does have numbers that
they haven’t completely reported yet. Maybe they do know more about it
than they are letting out.

Unknown Speaker Is there any numbers or statistics on the fatality rate
of those who catch the disease. I mean, are we looking at the disease as
a death sentence or…

*Leo Laporte*

A lot of people survive it in the U.S. In fact most people have survived in the U.S. All the fatalities are in Mexico, right.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yeah, most people survive. And the thing
that you want to -- you hope for is that you don’t get a flu that will
be dangerous for the average person. So we know that the flu is
dangerous for babies and for the elderly, people who have weakened
immune systems. People who are immune compromised. Those - that’s who
most flus, the yearly flu, is dangerous for. And that’s just kind of
like, okay, that’s just -- we know that. But what we don’t want is for
all of us in this room, who -- we assume we’re fine.

*Leo Laporte* Important people. *Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* The
important people.

Unknown Speaker Me.

*Patrick Norton* Well, that’s what interesting about the…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yeah, you don’t want – you don’t want like
12 and 13 and 14 year olds getting sick and dying from this flu and
that’s when it becomes dangerous.

*Leo Laporte* That’s what was interesting about the pandemic was that it
affected young people, that it was mostly soldiers, initially, who died
and that was what was so scary. I guess the high…

*Patrick Norton* They also – but also the soldiers at the time, the
soldiers of the time, they were post World War I. the health conditions
of the military around the world were pretty deplorable. One of the most
striking statistics for an army that was brutally impacted was India,
which would have been like 20% of the Indian Army, I believe, died of
it. But the other thing is, the armies are cleaner and healthier and in
better shape these days, is I think something that – you know what I
mean, when people sort of like…

*Leo Laporte* Everything I read said it wasn’t hygiene issues, it was
because they didn’t have the immunities that the older folks had.

*Patrick Norton* Well why would they not have the…

*Leo Laporte* Because they hadn’t exposed to earlier incidences of flu
which gave people over 40 some form of protection that the young --
people under 40 didn’t have. And what is a little scary at is that the
same thing is happening with this particular Swine Flu, that the people
who are dying are younger. So that’s one of the many reasons of cause
for concern.

I mean the story, the text -- we should talk about the text story and
the text story partly is that you will see on Twitter and other sources
a lot of hysteria and craziness. Adam Curry couldn’t be with us on the
show today but in his place *Jason Calacanis*. Jason, is this all one
big conspiracy? Was it the Federal Government that designed this flu?

*Jason Calacanis* No, I’m sorry. I have a job, I can’t waste my time
with conspiracy theories. I know Adam has no job.

*Leo Laporte* I think they did a special edition of no agenda this
morning to cover the conspiracy.

*Jason Calacanis* Oh God.

*Leo Laporte* Infowars has already published an article saying…

*Jason Calacanis* Too much time on your hands. People who have jobs
don’t come up with these conspiracy theories, somehow. You know what’s
interesting, in Japan…

*Leo Laporte* You just came back from Asia, yeah.

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, and I’m always shocked in Japan, like I was in a
meeting with somebody and the translator had a mask on the entire
meeting. This is an hour and a half, like, high level meeting and I
guess she happened to be sick that day. She wore the mask and I’m like,
she’s talking to me, I feel like I’m talking to like a storm trooper or
something, because I can’t see her lips moving. I have no idea what she
looks like but she’s translating for an hour and half in the meeting.
And I was like wow, that’s really interesting, I mean they are
incredibly courteous, they wear these not to protect themselves but to
contain themselves from infecting other people.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah I wish...

*Brian Brushwood* You had also just travelled through two airports and
across the world in a little tiny tube, so she may have been wearing it
to protect herself.

*Jason Calacanis* From me, it’s not quite possible. Yeah but you see
this pretty often in all of the places, Japan and in Seoul. They wear
them sometimes also from pollution outside but it’s mainly for people
who are sick. And I think I’m going to start wearing them on planes
because I had friend who was a doctor like five years ago and she’s
like, there’s going to be another pandemic, and all that stuff, you
should wear a surgical mask. If you think you look silly just throw your
blanket over your head and go to sleep.

*Leo Laporte* On a plane you should wear one to protect your self.

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, exactly and these things costs like a dollar or
two or three, so I mean, I want to get -- I’m going to try find a domain
name and start selling these things, because that’s got to be the
greatest business model ever…

*Leo Laporte* I actually wore one on the plane to Egypt for that very
reason, I was a little nervous about that. So, yeah…

*Jason Calacanis* Probably because you’re getting old.

*Brian Brushwood* Just to speak directly to the tech angle, I think it’s
amazing what they’re doing with the Google Maps, you have -- actually
being able to see the outbreaks and I wonder, there’s a – you talk about
the signal to noise ratio, and obviously we’re way more interconnected
and obviously knowledge and communication and technology makes this
possible to a degree that was not possible in the early 20th century and
I wonder if, is the mere fact of our instant communication, to instantly
know where the outbreaks are and what areas need to take high levels of
precaution, if that alone will be enough to stop it, or the flip-side
is, as you mentioned, Twitter hysteria. You’ve got the signal and you’ve
got the noise so which is going to – which is – is technology going to
end up being a boom or a bust?

*Leo Laporte* Very interesting, yeah, very good point, yeah. I think
people are smart enough to know that what you see on Twitter is just
chatter. Literally…

*Jason Calacanis* It’s a starting point. It’s a staring point.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah.

*Jason Calacanis* And then you go do your research on there. Obviously,
I saw it the other night and I was like, what the heck is this flu
stuff, and then I worked backwards…

*Leo Laporte* But we’re intelligent. I mean. No, no, no, that was the
wrong word.

*Brian Brushwood* Not like those other people, not like those morons.

*Leo Laporte* No, no, but we’re sophisticated in terms of understanding
that maybe many people, especially new to, Catherine, you’re new to
Twitter. Do you know enough to that some of it is BS?

*Catherine Hall* Yeah, I mean there’s certainly, it will instigate me to
look for that online. So, if I see something on Twitter that…

*Leo Laporte* That’s where it’s useful.

*Catherine Hall* It’s an interesting point, well I think, well, okay,
I’m going to look into this, so…

*Leo Laporte* I have already created FriendFeed and Twitter searches on
swine flu because I know that a lot of good traffic, useful links and so
forth, and most of what I know about this swine flu come from links that
I have picked up, but I don’t just say, oh yeah, that person said it was
a conspiracy, it must be true but you wouldn’t don’t that.

*Catherine Hall* No. Well and I think another thing to, just on the
positive note of it is I wouldn’t have been exposed to it as early as I
was if I wasn’t, that’s how I learned about it was through…

*Leo Laporte* It is the pulse of the – it is now the pulse of our
brains, isn’t it.

*Catherine Hall* It’s more of…

*Jason Calacanis* You know what the problem with it is though now. I had
breakfast with Evan Williams in Biz Wednesday or Thursday and when you
click on one of these things now everybody knows, wow people are
clicking on the side bar on swine flu, therefore all the marketers now
are marketing to whatever the big search terms are. So, the same person,
like they’re…

*Leo Laporte* Oh, no.

*Jason Calacanis* Fifteen minutes, yes more information on swine flu.

*Leo Laporte* Oh, that’s terrible.

*Jason Calacanis* And all the blogs and everything – just the way they
sort of follow Google trends or whatever and anyhow I’d say it’s fair
game, but you don’t get the actually legitimate chatter, what you are
getting now is. Trend service says this service is trending and they
have created a page on it.

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Jason Calacanis* So, it’s a…

*Leo Laporte* You know I created a Twitter account for my mom, which she
promptly had me delete, but I tried. And she said, but people the people
will follow me, I said yeah, she said I don’t want that. So, -- but
because she created a new account she got, it’s interesting. She got a
completely different interface than me. I know some people have it. It
had Trends right on the front page, it had a search box on the front
page. See I don’t have that on my account, only some people have that on
their account.

*Jason Calacanis* That’s because they are trying to scale the service
and if they have too many people searching and clicking on those Trends,
it’s database hits and what not, so they are just trying to roll it out.

*Leo Laporte* That’s a really nice feature for something like this,
that’s really great.

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, it’s a great -- next to it on the right hand
column is all the Trends.

*Leo Laporte* And you see them. I use Twitty on the iPhone and it has a
page of Trends. I presume it’s the same. Is that information all coming
from search.twitter.com.

*Jason Calacanis* Yes, it’s API.

*Leo Laporte* Okay, so it’s all the same information no matter what
client you are using.

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah.

*Leo Laporte* Have you guys started playing with the Seesmic or any
other new clients, Twitty desktop for the Mac or…

*Jason Calacanis*

Yeah, Seesmic desktop is very nice, I am using it, it’s legible in multiple accounts and all that stuff, it’s really light. I have been using TweetDeck for a while but that got all those kind of memory problems, it was constantly like crashing or spinning wheel of death on the Mac. I think they are cleaning it up, but it’s really interesting, they were able to raise capital for a Twitter application company.

*Leo Laporte* Isn’t that amazing.

*Jason Calacanis* That’s like, I think that’s a sign, it’s a bubble but
we’re in a recession right now. So, I don’t understand.

*Leo Laporte* It’s a recession bubble, don’t you know that?

*Jason Calacanis* It’s a recession Twitter bubble because, in eBay when
eBay became big there were like hundreds of business plans that were
like, we’re going to take peoples stuff and then go put it on eBay for
them. We are going to create insurance for eBay. We are going to create
a payment system, paypal for eBay. When you know a service is -- and
also that happened for Facebook, right, like Zanga and Rock You and all
those people that are making applications and casual games for Facebook.
So, it’s where you know you have a – a company is really worth
something, when other companies are built around it.

*Brian Brushwood* So, real quick, because I know we’re about to move on
to something else, but I got to know from Dr. Kiki, is there something
everybody should be doing or not be doing, like is now the time to do
something or to wait, like for us, because I mean there is nothing that
strikes to the heart of fear like…

*Leo Laporte* I am just not going out, I am staying in. I am going to
stay in this room, I am sealing it up and that’s it.

*Brian Brushwood* But that’s your problem, because you are inviting
people like me who travel all over, so I go out and collect the bugs and
bring them to you.

*Leo Laporte* This is the last live TWiT, everybody will be on Skype
from now on. What should we do Kiki?

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* The most that you can do really is wash
your hands and/or use the [indiscernible] type stuff to, that’s the best
you can do because your hands come into contact with so many objects, I
mean if you were to keep track of how many times you touch things every
day, it’s phenomenal and all the different things that other people have
touched, it’s out of control. And so, you want to be able to clean your
hands, don’t touch your nose, your eyes, your mouth, try and keep away
from…

*Brian Brushwood* And the [indiscernible] is effective against the virals?

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yeah, the alcohol, or you could just pour
pure alcohol on your hands but that’s a little…

*Leo Laporte* Or drink a lot of alcohol.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I have heard two shots of Vodka gets rid of
anything.

*Brian Brushwood* Awesome, in case you swallowed the bugs.

*Leo Laporte* Hold on, hold on.

*Jason Calacanis* Very important chief, if you are going to use these
things you have to have above 60% alcohol content. I’m a germaphobe.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* That’s true, above 60%.

*Jason Calacanis* If it’s under 60% all you do is move it around, and
also things like fecal material and other dirt and stuff like that, if
you don’t wash your hands it just gets moved around on your hands, I
know that’s incredibly disgusting, people have to learn how to wash
their hands with hot water…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* At least 20 seconds.

*Jason Calacanis* … to a minute, for a minute do it, please, everybody
who shakes my hand do it, I am an absolute germaphobe, if you meet me in
person it’s absolutely fine to not shake my hand and just sort of put
your hand up and say hey, great to meet you.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* You could also try, we can all be Japanese
and just bow at each other.

*Jason Calacanis* It’s much better, nobody should touch each others hands.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* That’s the whole reason that they have the
bowing tradition is so that they don’t shake hands, and that’s part of
it, is not -- you don’t shake hands, you don’t transmit stuff and you
just bow, and – yeah.

*Leo Laporte* We will talk about, in just a bit, the Pirate Bay trial;
it turns out the judge had some very suspicious connections, which may…

*Patrick Norton* But they found he had no conflicts of interest, Leo.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, well. Hang on there, we are going to talk about that
in just a second. Also, financials are out for Microsoft and Apple. Who
do you think was the big winner in the last quarter? The one that’s
selling the inexpensive computers, you don’t have to be cool to own or
the one that’s selling the very expensive computers you have to be very
cool to own. I will tell you the answer in a bit but first we are going
to take a little break to mention *Jason Calacanis*’ very favourite
thing in the whole wide world.

*Jason Calacanis* Really. You are kidding? They’re back.

*Leo Laporte* They are back, baby.

*Jason Calacanis* And they are in the first block.

*Leo Laporte* In the first block, because I know you want talk about
audible.com.

*Jason Calacanis* Audible, audible, audible.

*Leo Laporte* Catharine, do you know about audio books, Catherine?

*Catherine Hall* I am even taking a photo so I can…

*Leo Laporte* She is taking a photo because she’s so excited, so she
will remember it.

*Catherine Hall* Yeah.

*Jason Calacanis* Audible. Let me tell you something. You’re on a
flight, you’re in your car, you’re wasting time and you are going to
listen to some, like Donkey Radio and like...

*Leo Laporte* That’s called a zoo.

*Catherine Hall* Did you just say Donkey Radio?

*Jason Calacanis* Hey, this is the zoo and you are on the zoo and -- we
are going to throw a pineapple at this, I mean, it’s just like...

*Leo Laporte* Donkey Radio.

*Jason Calacanis* Listen to something better than Donkey Radio. Stop
rotting your brain, use that downtime at the gym, on the flight and in
your car. You do those three things, at least you do two of the three.
You buy a couple of audio books, you go to audible.com/twit2. You’d
probably get some ridiculous deal, they give a ridiculous deal to only
the TWiT audience. What’s the ridiculous deal…

*Leo Laporte* The ridiculous deal today -- I am glad you asked, *Jason
Calacanis*. If you go to audible.com/twit2, you could sign up for a
platinum account and get two, not one but two books absolutely free. I
am going to recommend one that is very appropriate. Did any of you ever
read this, it’s – I found it because it was on the list of the, I think,
of the 100 science fiction books you have to read, that everybody has to
read. It’s 60 years old now by George R. Stewart, it’s called Earth
Abides and it couldn’t be more appropriate. It starts with a guy who’s
coming down from the mountains. He was camping and he got bit by a snake
and was feverish and writhing for a week but somehow survives, comes to
find that most of the earth has died off, due to a great plague that he
was safe from, and he thinks because this snake bite somehow inoculated
him.

Well it turns out only, maybe hundreds or thousands of people have
survived planetary-wide. Earth Abides is about his journey of discovery
as he wanders looking for other people. He goes down to Berkeley, it
takes place in the Bay Area. So I have a kind of little soft spot for
it. He wanders into Berkeley and he saves the library because he says,
well this is all of -- everything we have learned. He tries to teach, he
does finally run into some other people. They start a tribe, a family.
He tries to teach the young ones about the modern world, they can’t
learn. It is fascinating story that ends in, I think, a very beautiful
and upbeat way about the triumph of not only the earth, because the
earth absolutely survives, but also of humanity, not technology, but of
humanity.

This is one of the best science fiction books in which there is no ray
gun, there is no interplanetary travel, there is no time travel. It’s
one of those plague stories that, like The Stand, that occur from time
to time and maybe a good time to read this. It certainly is a beautiful
book and I highly recommend it, written by George Stewart, narrated by
Jonathan Davis and Connie Willis. Let me play just a little bit of it,
so you can hear a little bit. Have you ever read this? This is a
wonder...Patrick, you have probably read it.

*Patrick Norton* No but I kept thinking of like, when you mentioned
library, I kept waiting to hear that he broke his glasses.

*Leo Laporte* Oh, actually that might be, I can’t remember. That’s a
good point. What an irony, that would be irony, wouldn’t it?

*Catherine Hall* Harsh.

*Patrick Norton* No, that would be an episode of the Twilight Zone. I am
still amused that you are talking about, like it’s a beautiful heroic,
elegiac novel of gentle language, and you are like -- but it’s plague
fiction.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, love that plague fiction. Here, listen to a little bit.

“‘It can never happen!‘ -- as well say, ‘Because I have never broken my
leg, my leg is unbreakable, ‘ or ‘Because I’ve never died, I am
immortal.‘ One thinks first of some great plague of insects, locusts or
grasshoppers, when the species suddenly increases out of all proportion...“

Let me tell you, you are going to get pulled into this book and you are
not...

*Jason Calacanis* Can we just cancel TWiT and we’ll go listen.

*Leo Laporte* You are not going to want to stop. This is recommended as
one of the all-time great science fiction books, not very well known. I
was blown away, I gave it to my daughter after I read it, I told her --
because she wants to learn about sci-fi.

*Brian Brushwood* You know Jason was joking like, let’s just quit the
show and actually just listen but that happens to me all the time. I get
pulled into the audible vortex where it’s like I’ll just listen to like
-- must do dishes...

*Leo Laporte* It’s actually good for doing dishes to, I might say.

*Jason Calacanis* One thing I listened to, it’s my little
recommendation. We Can Remember It For You Wholesale, from the...

*Brian Brushwood* Oh the Philip K. Dick, Minority Report and other
stories. You know what movie that became. We can remember it.

*Leo Laporte* Total Recall.

*Jason Calacanis* There you go, we have a nerd. These Philip K. Dick
audio books are fantastic because you see some of the films that are
made out of them, even Blade Runner, Do Androids Dream of Electric
Sheep. The books are so much different than the movies and there are so
much more interesting aspects to it, like listening to Do Androids Dream
of Electric Sheep, which I listened to on the way back from Sundance, it
was a 10-hour drive which is awesome because there was just so much more
in the book than there is in the film obviously.

*Brian Brushwood* Hey Jason, actually I tried several. You know Do
Androids Dream of Electric Sheep became Blade Runner and I kid you not,
I tried five full-times to watch Blade Runner and it was beautiful and
gorgeous and I fell asleep every single time, and it wasn’t until I had
read the original book, the Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep, on
audio book, which I think the version I read was performed by Calista
Flockhart and I forget who the guy was.

*Jason Calacanis* Oh no, yeah. It was Calista Flockhart and...

*Brian Brushwood* It’s another famous guy.

*Jason Calacanis* It’s Matthew Modine.

*Brian Brushwood* Okay, but they were great and I got through the whole
thing and you get to hear about, like the Kipplisation of the earth.

*Jason Calacanis* Yes Kipple…

*Brian Brushwood* I love that word Kipple, and as result after doing the
book I was able to enjoy the movie so much more, it was alive and
vibrant and I didn’t fall asleep.

*Leo Laporte* A little tip if you are searching for it on audible. They
have renamed it Blade Runner, so that people could find it a little bit
better.

*Brian Brushwood* Oh really.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah but -- so let’s give you two books. You get the two
books with the platinum account. So you want to read two great science
fiction books, Blade Runner by Philip K. Dick and Earth Abides, by
George R. Stewart, and you get both of them free when you go to
audible.com/twit2 We highly encourage you to check it out, we thank you
so much for the support. What is Kippling, what is the Kipple of the …

*Jason Calacanis* The first ,you have to understand the first law of
Kipple, Kipple drives out non-kipple.

*Catherine Hall* Is that something from Fight Club?

*Jason Calacanis* Yes, what it is, is you remember the JR, the Sebastian
character…

*Leo Laporte* Yes

*Jason Calacanis*

“These are my friends” 

*Leo Laporte* Yes

*Jason Calacanis* You know, the guy…

*Leo Laporte* Yes, “These are my friends”

*Jason Calacanis*

“You’re my best buddy, JR, you have to help us.” “Okay.” That guy was great. “I only – I don’t make their eyes.” What happen is in that building, there’s so much junk because everybody has left earth that they call it kipple, kipple is just collections of…

*Leo Laporte* Oh, collecting ,yes

*Jason Calacanis* Nothing and – so one person lives in an apartment
building with 500 units, it’s filled with kipple. And the kipple just
seems to accumulate and accumulate and it drives out non-kipple because…

*Leo Laporte* It sounds like my life…

*Brian Brushwood* If you’ve ever seen my garage, that’s all I think I, I
walk out, I’m like.

*Leo Laporte* This building is full of kipple.

*Jason Calacanis* He basically saw that we were going to live in a
society where consumption would be unabounded and therefore there would
be more stuff than people

*Leo Laporte* Audible asked me –they wanted me to read a book, and they
said what would you like to read and I said, I gave them a few choices,
but I said what I’d really love to do is Phillip K. Dick’s short
stories, but they have got them all, unfortunately

*Brian Brushwood* Yes, and they’re good.

*Jason Calacanis* I would listen to them by you.

*Leo Laporte* The ones they have are great.

*Jason Calacanis* Actually, here’s a, -- why don’t we have the TWiT
round table read a book, we’ll all take a different character…

*Leo Laporte* We could do that

*Jason Calacanis* That would be so awesome.

*Leo Laporte* Deal. That’s a great idea

Unknown Speaker I’ve always wanted to do that

*Jason Calacanis* So great

*Leo Laporte* I’ve always wanted to do the radio theatre thing

Unknown Speaker Yes

*Leo Laporte* So if we can find something that we have the rights to, I
will invite you all back. And we will do a show in here.

*Brian Brushwood*

That would be awesome, an old time radio, with…

*Jason Calacanis* Why don’t we do Great Expectations?

*Leo Laporte* Yes. Great Expectations is public domain, we could do
that, sure. How long would that take?

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* We’d need lots of wine.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, of non-stop reading. So I just also want to thank
Garry’s Wine, they’re providing the wine for the show today and
Garyswine.com We have a couple of wines, which you liked, Kiki, you
decided you like the red better

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I liked the, yes, the red just really hit
me, I like it.

*Catherine Hall* I really like it.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Very Tasty.

*Catherine Hall* I love the red. It’s really good.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And it’s free.

*Leo Laporte* And Brian, are you going to make it unanimous?

*Brian Brushwood* Yes, the red is excellent… I haven’t tried it against
anything but…

*Leo Laporte* Well I’ve been drinking the Wallflower Sauvignon blanc,
it’s a little sweet but I am finding it refreshing.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* It is refreshing. This is a good…

*Leo Laporte* But you like the cab.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yeah, this is a good, deep taste, I love cabs.

*Catherine Hall* There’s some depth to this one, it’s good.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, we will – and Gary recommended that one highly. So I
thought…

*Catherine Hall* I just have a book on tape comment

*Leo Laporte* Yes, yes

*Catherine Hall* Well I started doing this myself and, I have to say
it’s actually quite amazing. Because times like, I was driving home from
San Francisco the other day and there was tons of traffic.

*Leo Laporte* It’s a life saver…

*Catherine Hall* And I started to get annoyed, and then I was like, oh,
you know, I just listen to my book on tape and it sounds, like, silly,
or whatever, but it really, I don’t know , it’s like you can learn…

*Brian Brushwood* You know you got the bug bad when you started looking
forward to traffic. You’re like, oh, sweet…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Do I have a long drive…

*Jason Calacanis* That’s it, now it’s this week in Audible?

*Leo Laporte* Well we are not talking about…

*Jason Calacanis*

This week in kipple.

*Leo Laporte* We are talking about books. We are not talking about…

*Jason Calacanis* I have a great idea, Leo

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* There was somebody who mentioned Hot Zone,
it’s another plague book…

*Jason Calacanis* We’re going to do this week in Audible

Unknown Speaker Yes

*Jason Calacanis* Like for 30 minutes after the show, that would be
like, we’re going to charge them eight times whatever the sponsorship…

*Leo Laporte* $1 million

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* That’s what I feel like…

*Leo Laporte* There’s the businessman…

*Catherine Hall* I liked him in Austin Powers

Unknown Speaker That’s we can…

*Leo Laporte* And am I Dr. Evil?

*Catherine Hall* No I am, look, I am sitting here with your dog…

*Leo Laporte* Oh, you are petting the dog, like Dr. Evil does…

*Catherine Hall* I’m like the silent Dr. Evil

*Leo Laporte* The most dangerous type

*Catherine Hall* He’s evil…

*Leo Laporte* All right, so let’s keep pack to the news stories; there
are quite a few. I’m going to mention the Microsoft and Apple results.
Microsoft’s – Microsoft show’s its first ever revenue decline, profits
down 32%. The first quarterly revenue loss in 23 years as a public
company, but they met Wall Street’s expectations and the price went up.

*Brian Brushwood* That was the funny part because I clicked on the link
and it says Microsoft’s shares jumped.

*Leo Laporte* They jumped, how can you lose – all right you’re the
business man Jason, why is that good news?

*Jason Calacanis* Yes, I don’t know exactly – not losing as much as –
probably was that people expected them to lose more. Typically when that
happens you have – Microsoft is a blue-chip now, you have to remember.
This is not like a growth stock, so people who own it own a lot of it.
So, it’s not like – and it hasn’t really – in terms of the range it has
traded in, it’s traded sideways for over five years.

*Leo Laporte* It’s really been stagnant for so long, hasn’t it?

*Jason Calacanis* Yes, I mean, the problem is it makes so much money,
it’s so predictable as a business. And there are some signs of weakening
now, though with Windows 7 and the Vista whole debacle. And then you
have Apple actually getting some market share, and then you have
netbooks cutting in and people are like – what’s the Linux operating
system wrapper.

*Leo Laporte* Ubuntu, oh ubi?

*Jason Calacanis* Ubuntu is now actually maybe you could use it. So,
they got a lot of challenges.

*Leo Laporte* So, Microsoft; its first down quarter in 23 years; Apple
posts its best second quarter earnings ever.

*Brian Brushwood* And fires 10% of retail full-time employees.

*Leo Laporte* Maybe that’s why. Actually, Mac sales down 12% so it was
really on the iPhone and the iPod that they made so much money. They
sold 2.22 million Macs for the quarter, 11 million iPods, 3.79 million
iPhones. That’s in three months, that’s double the number it sold a year
ago. I mean it really was an iPhone win.

*Patrick Norton* What happened to the recession? I mean, this is what I
found puzzling about Apple’s results is you would think an iPhone is the
most unnecessary thing you could possibly buy in a down market. Where
are people getting the money for this if everybody is losing their jobs?
Who are these three million people buying iPhones?

*Leo Laporte* Well, first of all maybe you could explain this to me, I
don’t want to sound callous but everybody is not losing their jobs. What
is unemployment at, 8.5?

*Catherine Hall* Well actually it’s 16%.

*Jason Calacanis* Well the real number is probably like 14.

Dr. Kiki Is it 16?

*Catherine Hall* 16% in California.

*Leo Laporte* If you – underemployed, and state by state, not looking...

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah; stopped looking, people who stop looking. So
it’s a lot people and also people have this collective belt tightening,
that’s been going on.

*Leo Laporte* Well that’s what I’m seeing is this kind of psychology you
feel guilty about spending.

*Jason Calacanis* But you know what, I think the iPhone is so beautiful
that it actually transcends recessionary –

*Leo Laporte* Gets over your guilt. What we –

*Brian Brushwood* We saw that before. Last time, and it was a technology
thing last time. In the great depression when people defaulted on their
loans and they came and they started confiscating stuff, people would
give up their refrigerators before they gave up their radios.

*Leo Laporte* They kept the radio.

*Brian Brushwood* Yes.

*Leo Laporte* I’ll eat warm food but give me Li'l Abner.

*Brian Brushwood* That’s right.

*Leo Laporte* Or whoever it was.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And people also went to the movies, so
there’s the entertainment aspect –

*Leo Laporte* Movies were huge.

*Catherine Hall* And – but also the radio is probably the first time
that people were really connected to what was going on at the time. And
so, there’s the news and the iPhone does that now.

*Brian Brushwood* Think about it – if you have to take away your iPhone
it’s not really the piece of equipment you’re worried about. That’s my
connection to all my friends –

*Leo Laporte* The phone is the least of it isn’t it?

*Brian Brushwood* Yeah, exactly that’s my twitterfeed, that’s my
FriendFeed, that’s my connection to the outside world.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* It’s my Google, it’s everything.

*Catherine Hall* Oh I think, too –

*Brian Brushwood* Well, it’s also – sorry, go ahead, Catherine.

*Catherine Hall* Oh! I was going to say, I mean, going back to what you
said about buyer’s remorse, I think because it’s a tool that we can use
for our businesses and communication, our psyche allows us to purchase it.

*Leo Laporte* It’s justifiable.

*Catherine Hall* Exactly.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, yes, Patrick?

*Patrick Norton* I mean, the iPhone’s hit Wal-Mart. It’s scaled probably
better than any cellphone in probably a decade in terms of gathering
market share. It’s popularized, it’s available and people – there’s also
especially younger generations, they spend – younger kids spend a huge
amount of money on cellphones monthly without thinking twice about it.

I mean it’s amazing actually, it’s – when you look at numbers of
somebody in their thirties or forties or fifties, on what they spend on
apps or songs or ringtones versus what somebody, an average teenager or
somebody in their early twenties is spending on cellphones. It’s just
considered a necessity and they’ve scaled it out. The price is down, you
can pick one up for $200, they’re in Wal-Mart, it’s just hugely popular.

Oh by the way, the whole refrigerator thing, people gave up their
refrigerators because they couldn’t carry them in the car with them to
the next place.

*Jason Calacanis* On their way out to pick grapes.

*Patrick Norton* Well there’s also – but the other thing is that also
the refrigerator was not nearly as entrenched in culture with – none of
us, most of us can’t imagine life without a refrigerator, everybody in
the 1920’s could pretty much imagine life without a refrigerator.

Dr. Kiki They had ice boxes and –

*Patrick Norton* It’s still – but it’s sill, you know what I mean, they
had ice boxes ergo they could get rid of the refrigerator.

Dr. Kiki They didn’t need a refrigerator.

*Patrick Norton* Yes, but I mean, ice boxes still require money and they
required a weekly delivery or daily semi-weekly delivery from an ice
man; that costs money.

*Leo Laporte* Get this statistic, India in March, 15.6 million new
cellphone users in March.

*Catherine Hall* And India, they don’t have refrigerators.

*Leo Laporte* They don’t?

*Catherine Hall* I am serious.

*Brian Brushwood* But they have cellphones now.

*Catherine Hall* It’s really – yes, I have been to India, they do not –
they just – and it’s amazing to me that they have dairy products and
they don’t – like, we feel like we need to have refrigerators for
everything. You really don’t need them for everything.

*Leo Laporte* It’s a very American thing, the refrigerator.

Dr. Kiki If you are going to get things fresh, if you’re going to use
things within a certain period time, the refrigerator just extends the
period of time that things stay good. It decreases the rate of death.

*Leo Laporte* They also – and Alan Birchell’s pointing this out in our
FriendFeed conversation, they also don’t have landlines in India. So, I
mean –

*Catherine Hall* So, there you go.

*Leo Laporte* This is a lifeline.

*Jason Calacanis* They’re skipping –

*Catherine Hall* But what’s the population of India?

*Brian Brushwood* But also they are kind of leap frogging over, a lot of
people are giving up their landlines here in the United States. They are
just leap frogging straight to...

*Patrick Norton* Well no, it costs like an order – more than an order of
magnitude less to install cell towers than it does to involve landlines.
So for most of the third world cell phones are almost exclusively what’s
being going out for the last decade.

The other thing is like 15 million people, isn’t that like, what, 1.5%
of the population?

*Catherine Hall* Yes, India is huge.

*Patrick Norton* There’s a billion people in India, at least.

*Brian Brushwood* This reminds me the book The World is Flat, where he
talks about the side-effect of – we know, we all grumble, grumble about
the outsourcing of jobs to India but the – the other side of the coin is
that we are creating another middle class over there and they are going
to be buying Windows XP and Vista and Windows 7.

*Leo Laporte* I’m just glad they have a middle class is we don’t seem to
have. Somebody –

*Brian Brushwood* We’re exporting our middle class over there!

*Catherine Hall* We have a huge middle class.

*Leo Laporte* It’s shrinking.

*Jason Calacanis* You know what’s interesting, did you see that the
T-Mobile sold like a million G1s?

*Leo Laporte* That kind of surprised me, but it took the a long time. I
mean, it wasn’t –

*Jason Calacanis* Six months. There was a first – it was the same period
of time for the 3.7 million iPhones.

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Jason Calacanis* And that’s with T-Mobile which is like the fourth –

*Patrick Norton* That also includes the inaugural adduction. Oh you mean
– that includes like – how many iPhones did they sell in the first six
months of the iPhone?

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Jason Calacanis* They sold them out, I mean, I don’t know how many it
was. I don’t think they said. But if you think about that, I mean,
that’s with the fourth largest carrier, T-Mobile. And when they get that
thing out to other platforms, I think that this is the sleeper. Google’s
got a huge business here, huge.

*Leo Laporte* Apparently they are about to do a netbook, somebody is
about to do a netbook with –

*Jason Calacanis* What this is – yes, what’s happening is they’re saying
why should we give any money to Microsoft when we can get this for free?

*Leo Laporte* $250.

*Patrick Norton* Because there’s no power management? Battery life,
power management which is always been miserable on anything other than
OSX or Windows XP.

*Jason Calacanis* Spinning wheel of death...

*Patrick Norton* Excuse me?

*Jason Calacanis* Spinning wheel of death. I mean, you don’t have to
deal with it freezing, blue screen.

*Patrick Norton* You know, I haven’t – what’s the last time you had a
blue screen on Windows?

*Jason Calacanis* Five years ago when I last used it.

*Patrick Norton* I haven’t had one on Windows 7 yet. I haven’t had –

*Jason Calacanis* They day I uninstalled it!

*Leo Laporte* I have to say that the problem is that we haven’t really
seen Android, at least I haven’t on a decent platform. This G1 has just
not enough horsepower to really show what Android can do, but I’d love
to see it on a netbook just to see how it does.

*Patrick Norton* The netbook that’s suppose to be the first one coming
out is pretty – it’s basically a glorified cellphone. It is not a full
Intel powered netbook.

*Leo Laporte* Is it ASUS? Who is making it?

*Patrick Norton* It was some fourth tier company I’d never heard of before.

*Leo Laporte* Interesting.

*Brian Brushwood* Well since we’re talking about netbooks, is there any
interest in talking about Apple officially pooh-poohing on the netbook?

*Leo Laporte* Yes.

*Patrick Norton* You think they’re going to release WWDC?

*Jason Calacanis* Macbook’s coming out.

*Leo Laporte* They – it was Tim Cook in the Analysts Meeting. Now see,
Tim is not like Jobs. If Jobs said that, I’d say oh yeah, they are
definitely making one. But Tim Cook, is he – I mean you probably, I
don’t know him, Jason, do you – you must know him? You know everybody.

*Jason Calacanis* I don’t – I think I’ve met him once but I don’t know
him. But they are notorious for lying through their teeth, and then
doing the exact opposite of what they say.

*Leo Laporte* Especially, well yeah, I mean Steve Jobs saying, “no one
will ever want to watch video on a portable device”.

*Jason Calacanis* A conversation he told me was hysterical. But you know
what the thing about netbooks is, I think this is another sleeper and I
think I talked about this a year ago on TWiT. In Japan, do you know how
much a netbook costs in Japan?

*Leo Laporte* Uh-uh.

*Jason Calacanis* $1.

*Leo Laporte* What? Oh, because they are subsidized by the carrier.

*Jason Calacanis* Yes, walk in and if you buy a $25 or a $35 data plan
with 3G, you get a $500 Dell.

*Leo Laporte* That’s happening in the States. Verizon are selling a $50
netbook, as long as you sign up for two years. That’s happening in the
States already.

*Patrick Norton* At what, 60, $75 a month for the plan? For the
“unlimited plan” that’s capped at 5 gigabytes?

*Leo Laporte* That’s really not, yeah.

*Brian Brushwood* Well, that actually ties into my little conspiracy
theory is that, obviously Apple bought all those touch screens a while
back, and there was conjectures that it was all about a netbook. I
wonder if they’re just going to still essentially have a Netbook, but
not call it a Netbook, call it an Always On Connected Tablet or
something like that.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, I …

*Leo Laporte* It’s June, we’re all agreed, right? June; netbook. and
Steve Jobs, okay so here is the deal.

*Brian Brushwood* Surprise guest?

*Leo Laporte* Yes, Phil Schiller is doing the speech at WWDC, they talk
blah blah blah blah. And then Phil Schiller says, oh, one more thing,
and out walks Steve Jobs with a netbook.

*Brian Brushwood* Completely ripped and buffed.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah.

*Brian Brushwood* Half robotic, shooting lasers.

*Jason Calacanis* Yes!

*Brian Brushwood* Pow pow pow!

*Leo Laporte* I am back!

*Brian Brushwood* Pow pow pow!

*Jason Calacanis* I’m back, mofos.

*Leo Laporte* That’s my plan.

*Jason Calacanis* How do you like me now, dog? How do you like my little
bit of plastic?

*Catherine Hall* Ooh, I totally want Steve Jobs in the remake of RoboCop.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, you asked for a Netbook, here is. I am The Jobs.

*Brian Brushwood* Oh, and one more thing, it also detects swine flu!

*Jason Calacanis* Aw hell.

*Leo Laporte* That’s our, that’s my vote anyway, I don’t know, maybe
that’s wishful, a little bit of wishful thinking.

*Jason Calacanis* I can guarantee right now they will launch a netbook,
whether they are consciously going to do it or not, because they have no
choice. These things are so good and so cheap, if I was with this
Windows ad campaign, they need to say, get Windows for $500, buy three
computers, buy one for everybody in the family or buy one Mac.

*Leo Laporte* Right. And they are not going far enough, they are selling
this crappy HP Notebooks instead of saying, what are you talking about
$1,000? Here’s three Notebooks for 999!

*Jason Calacanis* That’s what they should be doing, they should say,
we’re – “Hi, we’re the Calacanises”, and “Hi, we’re the Laportes”.

*Leo Laporte* “Hi, we’re the Calacanises”?

*Jason Calacanis* “And we were going to buy one $2,000 MacBook tower,
but instead we decided to buy each member of the family four $500
netbooks. F you Apple.” Boom. That’s what – if I was a CEO of Microsoft,
that’s what I would –

*Leo Laporte* It’s a new reality show. “Hi, we’re the Calacanises”, come
into our home.

*Leo Laporte* We have many Notebooks, some of them are very small.

*Jason Calacanis* Very nice.

*Leo Laporte* Very nice.

*Jason Calacanis* We play Doom.

*Leo Laporte* Yes.

*Jason Calacanis* At the LAN party.

*Leo Laporte* Here’s one running Android. Well, I would love to see a
tablet from Apple, I think a tablet from Apple is a great idea. But they
did, you’re right, they said, Tim Cook said, this is crappy, who would
want a crappy computer like this, we wouldn’t sell it because it’s just
so junky. But what’s setting it up is, however, but –

*Brian Brushwood* You know what people do want?

*Leo Laporte* What they would like is –

*Brian Brushwood* Is something that fills this niche.

*Leo Laporte* Yes.

*Brian Brushwood* But has better processing power.

*Leo Laporte* What if –

*Brian Brushwood* More powerful.

*Leo Laporte* What if you could get one that really was nice?

*Patrick Norton* iPhone with a bigger screen that will actually use a
keyboard and a decent processor. I would actually, I would consider that.

*Catherine Hall* Yes.

*Patrick Norton* About 1,000 times more than I would consider the Air.

*Leo Laporte* I think Kiki would French kiss it actually.

*Brian Brushwood* If this were to happen, do you know who should you be
worried about it is the Amazon Kindle. Because everything I hear about
the Kindle, the thing I am least interested in is using it to read books
or hearing it do robo-speech to laboriously read something to me. But
the idea of something that’s got an always on data connection pre-paid,
that gets me automatic content download, if it was like that but
beautiful like a giant iPhone –

*Patrick Norton* Won’t happen. Can’t happen.

*Brian Brushwood* All did was surf the web and I could see everything
online…

*Patrick Norton* Can’t happen, Brian.

*Leo Laporte* Why can’t it happen? What’s wrong with it Patrick?

*Patrick Norton* There’s two issues there, one is the only reason that
Whispernet can work is because they have occasional use of relatively
small downloads, so they can scale it. They are basically paying
nothing, because a consumer account, barring some of the, one of those
mystical Apple negotiations of a better deal than anyone else gets,
basically unless the new – unless the Apple netbook is essentially sold
as a device like an iPhone, they are not going to get a deal on the –
you’re not going to get – you are not going to pay $250 or $500 for
something and get lifetime free wireless. Which is one of the, which is
why –

*Brian Brushwood* But I tell you, I would spend $350 or whatever, and
tack on, I don’t know $20 extra a month to add it to my collection.

*Patrick Norton* It’s $60. The problem is it‘s going to be…

*Leo Laporte* It doesn’t have to be $60 though, Patrick, does it?

*Patrick Norton* Well, think about it this way, what are you paying for
your iPhone? You’re paying for your plan plus an additional $35 a month.
So okay, so how are you going to, how are they going to get around the,
so that’s like almost $100, if you have a cheap plan, it’s still $75 a
month. So let’s say they take out the cell phone, the take the cell
phone number away from it, they make a data device, what’s going to make
them want to go lower than the $60 a month they already get for a 5
gigabyte capped “unlimited” account?

And even without that, the thing that makes the battery life work on the
Kindles, which is like 90% of what makes [audio gap] them great is the
fact that they pop, basically the E Ink changes the display to the new
configuration and then it stops using power. So effectively, they have
no power draw compared to a traditional computer, or a computer that
you’d use to browse the web or anything. If it wasn’t for that, the
Kindle would have a battery back on it like this thick to give two weeks
of reading.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, yes.

*Patrick Norton* You’d basically have it attached to a car battery.

*Brian Brushwood* You know what I would do? Is I would totally buy
something that was like a a jumbo iPhone, and actually had a dock for
you to lock-in your iPhone into or something.

*Patrick Norton* Right.

*Brian Brushwood* That would be good, and through which piggy back on
that data connection, that’d be kind of cool.

*Leo Laporte* I think Apple might surprise everybody and just do another
iPhone, and not do a tablet, not do anything bigger. With – on the
premise that this is enough. I mean, look they just sold, what, how many
millions of them in three months? I mean, this, for many people this is
enough.

*Brian Brushwood* What about the screens they bought though?

*Patrick Norton* Well, how big were those screens?

*Brian Brushwood* 12” touch screens.

*Leo Laporte* They weren’t that big.

*Brian Brushwood* Or 10.5”, whatever it was.

*Leo Laporte* They bought – supposedly, according to the EE Times or one
of the Taiwanese electronics news things they supposedly bought these.
But I wouldn’t be surprised to see – I think we are all assuming Apple’s
going to do this; Apple, you never can assume anything.

*Brian Brushwood* That’s the problem, is they have set such a precedent
of blowing us away out of nowhere.

*Leo Laporte* Yes.

*Brian Brushwood* That it’s like, when are they going to resurrect
people, come on Apple, hurry up.

*Leo Laporte* And they may not need to, that’s the point, is that they
may be very happy with how the iPhone is selling.

Dr. Kiki Uh-huh.

*Leo Laporte* And by the way, who needs a tablet that you can kill a
baby by shaking it with, right? I mean, where is the, where is the….

*Jason Calacanis* God Almighty, what a bunch of gotcha.

*Leo Laporte* So what happened there?

Dr. Kiki Was that honestly an application?

*Leo Laporte* Yes.

*Jason Calacanis* It was, yes. So basically, somebody created an
offensive application, I have seen –

*Leo Laporte* Really offensive!

*Jason Calacanis* Where you basically shake a baby, it’s actually a
really horrible thing. Obviously, shaken baby syndrome; very dangerous.
Obviously, abusing kids; it happens. Not funny, even in a CollegeHumor
type of way, not that they did it. But it’s just all around bad. So
somehow, somebody let it slide through, meaning –

*Leo Laporte* There is a lot of pressure, they’ve got 35,000
applications, a lot of pressure.

*Jason Calacanis* I don’t think they are even looking, I think they are
probably just going down a page, looking at the name of it and just
going, check, check, check, go.

*Leo Laporte* I think they’re looking. They didn’t look at that one, but
I do think they’re looking. I know a lot of good iPhone applications,
great iPhone applications, that are still on hold, that people can’t get
it in the store. There’s one guy I know wrote an application that I
would love to see that is a – it’s a Netflix application that allows you
to manage your Netflix on the iPhone, wouldn’t that be cool?

Dr. Kiki That’ll be great.

*Brian Brushwood* And it’s just waiting in queue?

*Leo Laporte* It’s just waiting in the queue, it’s not out still.

*Jason Calacanis* What they need to do is, they need to have two, two
types of applications, one are certified, one are not certified. Anybody
can make an uncertified application, and you can buy through the iTunes
Store, it doesn’t have the certified logo on it. Certified applications
don’t come up in search, certified applications have a big roadblock;
this is not certified, it could destroy your computer, at your own risk.
You know, massive two or three roadblock kind of situation; are you sure
you want to install –

*Leo Laporte* Here is my question, this is interesting, I was watching a
– The History Channel documentary on the computing in the ‘80s, and they
brought up the specter of Atari. Remember Atari 2600, king of the world,
greatest – everybody was buying it, they were under $200, great games,
but Atari said, Nolan Bushnell I think said quite admirably, we will
make open system and let anybody develop games for it. So many crappy
games came out, it not only – it killed the platform, and not only were
people getting, “what is this game?”, but they actually had to kill the
2600, they had to bulldoze cartridges because there were so many bad
cartridges.

Nintendo with the NES took a look at this and said, woah, wait a minute,
we can’t do that, and they were the ones who said we have to approve and
license every single game. Apple’s iTunes Store is exactly that same
model. Now, does that make sense in the day and age of the internet
where information is almost perfect? Or…

*Brian Brushwood* This is, this is really tough for me because both of
you guys sounded like geniuses, I am just like, oh, Jason’s so right, no
Leo is so right.

*Leo Laporte* Well, it may be that the times have changed, the internet
– what would have saved the 2600 is if there were a better communication
system among customers and they could have said, “oh, whatever you do,
don’t buy that Dig Dug cartridge, it’s a piece of crap”, then those
things may not have killed the 2600. But at that time, there was –

*Jason Calacanis* I don’t think that was the sole thing that killed it
though. It may not –

*Leo Laporte* Oh, it’s well – no it killed it, it killed it. And
Nintendo succeeded because they did the exact opposite, they said you
may not make a game for the NES unless we say so. And everybody bought
the NES because they knew that every game was at least going to be
playable.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I think it’s really important for a company
to have the certification of products that come out, that apply to their
products. So, that the way that the iPhone apps are working, I mean,
those are iPhone – like they’re related to the iPhone. The potential of
something like the shaken baby app coming out, that has a –

*Leo Laporte* That’s an aberration, we can admit that.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* No, but it has – it’s an aberration but it
has a trickle back effect to the image of the company and the way that
you see it.

*Leo Laporte* Well that’s true, yes.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And so, as the company that is – this is
Apple, this is iPhone, this is their entire image, and so they want to
control that.

*Leo Laporte* Yes.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And I think that Jason’s is right in the
fact that maybe their own little directory of iPhone apps, sure these
are certified, these are the things that we agree are awesome products
that we want to have affiliated with us. But then maybe allow other
products to be created but not certified, and you can have your shaken
baby or like, shoot the dog or whatever it happens to be.

*Leo Laporte* Well, that system exists already with jail broken iPhones.
And I have to say a lot of the applications are…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Right, but not have it like destroy the
warranty though.

*Catherine Hall* But isn’t that what Apple’s like base – like their
brand name’s based on, is that everything works, sort of thing…

*Leo Laporte* Exactly.

*Catherine Hall* I mean isn’t that against their branding if you start
introducing applications and other things that work with their products.

*Leo Laporte* That’s the point.

*Patrick Norton* Yeah, I’m going to say, I’m always inherently bummed to
see somebody screwed over ,you know, just on poor taste, like, I mean
this was taken off because it was in poor taste and that can be a very
person by person basis and whether or not this is a good or bad app,
obviously…

*Leo Laporte* I’ll give you another one, let’s give you another one and
then you could judge it on this, okay. There was an application where
you could select a political figure, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama,
George Bush have them bouncing on a trampoline in the Oval Office and
doing back flips and I think if Hillary did it her skirt would go up or
something. But anyway, the -- Apple said no, we’ll not allow you to sell
this in the iTunes Store because it is disrespectful to elected officials.

*Patrick Norton* Wow.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, use that one as your example, everybody says shaken
baby is…

*Patrick Norton* Right, right, right, well and that’s just it – what I
was going to say is I’m always bummed to see something wiped out just
for being in poor taste because that’s a person by person. But it’s very
consistent with what everything Apple’s done so far, I’m not going to be
too harsh on them. They’re playing by the same rules they have always
played by.

*Leo Laporte* So you agree with Catherine and you agree too that this is
their business model.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yeah, it’s their brand.

*Patrick Norton* Yeah, it’s a private business, they do whatever they want.

*Leo Laporte* Well, they of course can do it. Yeah, but we can…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And then we can go and we can tell dead
baby jokes and have our poor taste and…

*Leo Laporte* We don’t tell dead baby jokes.

*Patrick Norton* Wow, there’s the confession. You heard it straight from
Dr. Kiki. Headline tomorrow, Dr. Kiki loves dead baby jokes.

*Leo Laporte* You know that’s actually our new show is Dr. Kiki’s dead
baby jokes. That was the name you were going to come up with…

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* That’s the name I came up with.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, I thought so, yeah it’s exciting, good.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* An hour a week, dead baby jokes.

*Patrick Norton* Not sponsored by Apple.

Dr. Kiki No.

*Leo Laporte* Go ahead Jason, just ignore these kids.

*Jason Calacanis* When I’m the reason you know something is wrong with
the show, really wrong, I don’t know who these people you have in the
studio are but I love them. Seriously, this is a big problem for Apple
actually because they what they are doing is they are setting themselves
up in this anti-trust situation again. And they don’t have market share
so they can sort of play a game with PC market share about not having
hardware run on OS10. But in iPhone they are going to have a monopoly
and the same thing with iTunes and so this is really stupid of them to
take this sort of, we’re going to be the judge of everything, they
should have a certified group but then have one that’s not certified.
But the crazy thing is I don’t know if you guys know, but I was
officially elected chairman of the Internet.

*Leo Laporte* Congratulations, I’ve been wondering who’s running this.

*Jason Calacanis* I’ve actually, because, I know I’m the chairman of the
Internet because I get all these emails from all these crazy people who
would tell me....

*Leo Laporte* Now that you’re in charge, let’s fix this, yeah.

*Jason Calacanis* And I get all these things to, yeah. But one of them
[indiscernible] I’ve been getting an email from somebody who is involved
in a project about shaken baby syndrome and all this stuff. So he’s
writing me these long emails about, oh my God, Apple is the worst
company in the world. So, now they want Tim Cook to attend a two hour
panel discussions about prevention of abused head trauma at the
University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill on May 6th. They want him to
you know like – work directly to get the people who downloaded this and
have an intervention with them and the guy’s like, “What do you think,
Jason?” and I’m like – and I wrote him, I said, I think you’re
leveraging their stupid mistake in like a really heavy handed way. And
it makes you look like you’re trying to manipulate the system in a
really cheap…

*Leo Laporte* It’s extortion, yeah.

*Jason Calacanis* Because Apple is a good company that made a stupid
mistake and then apologised. What more do you want? And he said well
they have to do more. And I’m like, why you emailing me I know I’m the
chairman of the Interwebs. But as chairman of the Interwebs this is not
an appropriate way, you have to actually fill out the form 4097B and you
have to challenge the Interweb standards of shaken baby syndrome. And I,
just unbelievable, like this like eight page letter of everything Apple
must do.

*Leo Laporte* Apple dodged a big bullet thouh, because you they’re -- on
Thursday they sold their one billionth application in the App Store.

*Jason Calacanis* Yes.

*Leo Laporte* If it had been shaken baby, I think *Brian Brushwood*
played this out.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* That would have been PR disaster.

*Leo Laporte* It could have been so much worse.

*Brian Brushwood* And the one billionth app is…

*Jason Calacanis* And the one billionth and one application…

*Leo Laporte* The one billionth was a free app called Bump that I guess
lets you copy your iPod touch contacts over to your iPhone or something
like that. But it was a free application, which is probably not what
Apple would have liked. The winner is a 13 year old kid. He’s going to
get $10,000 worth of iPod songs. That’s worth 10,000 songs, right.
Depends on what you buy.

*Brian Brushwood* Almost enough to fill up his iPod.

*Leo Laporte* And he gets a MacBook Pro.

*Jason Calacanis* He actually declined the $10,000 iTunes gift
certificate. And said I have a million songs from Pirate Bay, thanks
very much though.

*Leo Laporte* I don’t really need that. Yeah, let’s talk about the
Pirate Bay judgement. This is kind of interesting. We talked last about
the fact that the two founders of Pirate Bay were guilty -- vewy ewy
(sic) guilty by a Swedish court that said that this is piracy, even
though you are just running a search engine, you don’t actually host any
pirated files those, Torrentz point to, for the most part, the illegal
files. So you’re guilty, they fined them a couple of million dollars and
a year in jail. Now, they are appealing. But now comes news that the
judge who sentenced them has some ties to some copyright organizations.

*Patrick Norton* You know what this is like, this is like watching a
concert and it’s the most hilariously awesome circus you’ve ever seen
and the show’s over and everyone’s still going nuts and somebody walks
on stage holding up a finger, like oh, you want one more? And we’re
like, yeah…

*Leo Laporte* This will not end.

*Jason Calacanis* Well they had -- they are also appealing, I don’t
think I’m going to say right now, 70% chance these guys are not going to
jail. People are protesting over there and it’s a very liberal society and…

*Leo Laporte* Well, this gives them a handle if they are going to
overturn it. This gives them a handle. The judge would have to be…

*Patrick Norton* This doesn’t give them a handle, this gives them a
baseball bat and a backhoe and a [indiscernible] I mean this is – is
Nostrum, who’s the judge, is a member of the Swedish Copyright
Association, and something else I’ve never heard of which is the Swedish
Association for Industrial Legal Protection, which just would look
awesome on a T-shirt. He’s so – but the judge serves in the Swedish
Copyright Association with the lawyers for the plaintiff. So he’s in an
association with the lawyers for the plaintiff and the quote – it’s a
great quote on the CNET story, it’s “every time I take…” somebody has to
do the Swedish chef on this one.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Are you trying to be Swedish again?

*Leo Laporte* I got into trouble last for doing it. But I’ll do it for
you Patrick, because I love you man.

*Patrick Norton* I work with a Swede; she loves the Swedish chef humour.

*Leo Laporte* Every time I the case, I evaluate it for consider myself
having a conflict of interest.

*Catherine Hall* That’s like a mix between a Swedish and Stephen Hawking.

*Leo Laporte* In this case I didn’t find out to have one so I think its
okay.

*Patrick Norton* I think the judge is about to get his ass handed to him.

*Jason Calacanis* Well if you think you didn’t have a conflict then we
-- sorry we brought it up.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, yeah, okay you’re right, your right, no problem.
That’s kind of, I think it’s not so bad being a member of those
organisations. But really, if you’re serving on the board with the
plaintiff’s attorneys, that would seem to be a conflict of interest.

*Brian Brushwood* I don’t know if he was serving on the board or they
are just merely members of same association. But it’s obvious that the
judge has a bias to the copyright organisations.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, I would say so.

*Brian Brushwood* I don’t think copyrights are bad thing and it’s really
– it’s a really interesting freedom of speech versus the Pirate Bay guys
obviously want to destroy copyright and destroy all copy protection and
encourage as much file trading as possible.

*Leo Laporte* Catherine, you are a photographer and of course one of the
issues photographers face these days is getting ripped off on their
images. How would you feel if your images were on Pirate Bay? Not the
images themselves, just the Torrentz. Are these guys – should they go to
jail. It’s a tough one, isn’t it? It’s not obvious.

*Catherine Hall* It is, yeah, it’s definitely…

*Leo Laporte* I think the damage is minimal, is I guess what I would
say. That’d be my thought anyway.

*Catherine Hall* Well I don’t know how to answer that because I feel a
conflict with that a lot. You know as far as where the boundary is and
when you put the -- stuff on the Internet, it’s sort of out there.

*Leo Laporte* Well now, okay in the defence of the movie companies, they
didn’t put anything on the Internet. It’s people like *Brian Brushwood*
did that.

*Brian Brushwood* What?

*Leo Laporte* They just put a movie out and somebody else took the DVD
and put it on.

*Patrick Norton* Or in some cases some of their own employees or
sub-contractors took a version movie and made it available. Which is I –
whoever did this with the Wolverine movie. I mean most of the time they
watermark this stuff so they can identify the original source. I can’t
imagine what they are going to do to that individual or company.

*Leo Laporte* I just don’t think that Pirate Bay – well there’s two
things I think, one is they are a search engine, what’s -- who’s next,
Google? You can search for Torrentz on Google.

*Patrick Norton* Let me, let me sort of like take a step back from what
I was saying before is one, yeah I don’t think, I don’t think linking in
to Torrent site should be illegal. I don’t think linking to illegal code
should be illegal, but the – what’s great about the Pirate Bay guys is
that they worked so hard to establish themselves as such a huge target.

*Leo Laporte* I know.

*Patrick Norton* And they have, unlike people -- because there were
people who were talking for a long time like yeah we’re going to set up
a test case for the DMCA. So it can go the Supreme Court and it be
struck down as being unconstitutional and then it’s like – every time a
case comes up that might actually get anywhere near to the Supreme
Court, everybody’s like oh yeah – did you know that copyright is
provided for in the constitution but not fair use, maybe we shouldn’t
take this to the Supreme Court and…

*Leo Laporte* Because they are afraid, they are afraid that the courts
will set a precedent, that doesn’t exist right, now in favor of fair use.

*Patrick Norton* Yeah, because the precedent, basically the fundamental
precedent for copyright is like, oh yeah, it’s kind of in the
constitution to encourage development of technology and stuff, but fair
use is not – fair use is an accepted thing and fair use has been a
rubber blanket that’s been stretched in some interesting ways but it’s –
I still think the DMCA is a miserable law that should be stomped into
submission, but – there’s not a lot of legal grounds to work with that
and so much of what people do that violates the DMCA is basically
avoiding paying for something that somebody else created.

*Leo Laporte* That’ why I asked Catherine, because actually we are all
content creators, unlike Catherine though we put our stuff on the net
and say take it, take it, please take it.

*Patrick Norton* Well, in some cases though, like when my wedding
pictures were put up on your website, somebody copied all of them off
your website, some guy in Oklahoma uses them, or did, I have checked
recently uses them gather website hits that direct people to his eBay’s
sell site.

*Leo Laporte* Oh, I am sorry.

*Patrick Norton* Hey, there is nothing we can do about it because they
were all posted on your website with a copy left or creative commons.
So, it’s – it’s like if people…

*Brian Brushwood* Leo looks so regretful dude, he’s so bummed.

*Leo Laporte* That is one more reason, Patrick has many reasons to hate
me. It’s just one more reason, just add it to the pile.

*Patrick Norton* It’s great because at some point, it’s actually, it’s
given me, so what I said to my wife one day is look, some day we are
going to be driving on I40, we are going to be in Oklahoma, we are going
to be in one of those points where we’re like, okay it’s only 38 miles
to the next Indian casino, because there’s like an Indian casino every 8
feet on I40 in Oklahoma and we are going to go visit this guy and it’s
going to be awesome. So, I am going to knock on the front door of his
house and it would be like, hey, I wanted to ask you about the pictures
and I just want to watch the facial reaction, maybe we will video tape
it, put it online, maybe it will do something on YouTube and I will
share his love right back with him, it’ll be epically cool.

*Brian Brushwood* It will be great when you start making too much money
off that content, he will come knocking on your door saying he never
signed a release.

*Leo Laporte* I have to say that most of the time I get in trouble, it’s
for stuff like that where I instantly just thought, oh everybody will
want to see this and post stuff up there.

*Brian Brushwood* But, it’s the internet, it’s the way it works, it is
the ultimate social tool for sharing – and some people don’t like having
their stuff shared, just, maybe the pictures, whatever – somebody -- I
have met kids that are like in little Indie bands that are like, yeah,
we’ve sold like 800 seven inchers and there has been like – we looked at
one of the Torrents, there’s been about 75,000 downloads. So, we could
like all quit our jobs working the graveyard shift at 7/11 if we got
like 4% of the revenue, like…

*Leo Laporte* I would say that’s revenue they’d never have gotten.

*Brian Brushwood* Well, is it or isn’t it, right because it’s like if
there was, if they had a medium for distributing those albums where they
could get some, or may be if just people weren’t scumbags about taking
stuff that they wouldn’t pay for otherwise. It’s shameful that so many
people consider it their deity-given right.

*Leo Laporte* I think really that the failing there is that the kids
working in the 7/11 weren’t creative enough about how to use this
notoriety that they generated.

*Patrick Norton* This was also at a stage where the file trading was
fairly new and – it’s like – this was like peer-to-peer sharing pre
BitTorrent, I shouldn’t have said Torrent,. They basically were able to
track down a ridiculous number of downloads and it’s like, yeah. So, the
onus is on them to be creative about something they never asked to be
distributed on the internet, which is like kind of shameful. On the flip
side, the internet, it’s still a very wild west kind of thing. So, the
difficulty that you were having Catherine of kind of saying how I feel
about it is, probably we all have, of saying what’s the answer to this,
I don’t know.

*Catherine Hall* I think too like, when it comes to sharing and the
Internet and all that, there is certain issue of it’s bound to happen
but as long as like credit is given, like for me for example, people
posted my images, as long as my name is associated with the image – but
then there’s been situations where I made a research guide and this guy
copied the whole thing and blacked out where my copyright was. And
distributed it and then he tried to tell me he didn’t realize it was
wrong and I was like, well when you are covering the copyright did that
maybe occur to you, that’s why you were doing it.

*Leo Laporte* Why else did you cover the copyright.

*Catherine Hall* That made me really, really, really upset. But then I
have seen other people post my images but they put my name with it and
it like directs people to my site and that’s fine.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* There is also the image, the instance of
whether or not they are gaining financially from your work and giving
credit or not, or not giving you kickback from using your [indiscernible] .

*Leo Laporte* I think the word is royalties but I guess kickback instead.

*Catherine Hall* And that was one of the reasons why I got so upset with
this one situation is he was distributing this to students in his
workshops and so he was profiting on my work and that was indifferent.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* That’s different from just maybe taking it
and sharing it and saying, I found this really awesome guide and
*Catherine Hall* came up it and I want to share it with you.

*Leo Laporte* That’s actually actionable, fire up the lawyers; take all
of his lenses.

*Jason Calacanis* There’s a pretty easy way to deal with this, I think.
If you look at television shows. which were like the bread and butter of
the Pirate Bay for a long time, the TV shows are not their bread and
butter any more because Hulu’s out and it’s much easier to watch it on
Hulu and..

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Or on the network website.

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, or on ABC’s website and so the movies of the
people who are suffering from this, why are the movies suffering from
it, because they put DRM on stuff, because they don’t make stuff
available in HD, because they have Windows. You just have to throw these
ideas out of the window and make these things available to consumers for
a reasonable price and with advertising and that will be fine. They
don’t want to do that, so until they do they are going to play this cat
and mouse game, what they should do is they should sell these licenses,
say if I was the studio head, I would say to the Pirate Bay guys, okay I
will let you do what you are doing, underneath every single BitTorrent I
want a thing that explains to people that are going to go to jail if
they download this and here are people who have and links to the cases
and that we will prosecute them.

And then I want to the left of it the streaming version that says $0.99,
click here to do it legally and get the DVD and they see all the legal
options and I would say to the Pirate guys we will drop the case if you
give us the website. So, if anybody does these kind of things, they
build a big enough website, the movie producers should take the Pirate
Bay over, let these guys go free, they [indiscernible] and then replace
all the Torrent with the same exact file with advertisements in them and
they would instantly have a billion dollar business. Thank you.

*Brian Brushwood* Aren’t the Pirate Bay guys just going to start hosting
their servers in China or somewhere?

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, they are still doing it, I mean that’s not, that’s
the point, they say in fact on the...

*Brian Brushwood* I actually, I think it would be awesome if the studios
did that, like next to a torrent had to the $0.99 download button.

*Leo Laporte* I think that’s a great idea but that’s what I am saying
is, instead of going [indiscernible] and being frustrated and going to
the lawyers, maybe there is a way to make something out of this and be
creative about it.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* But the $0.99 download isn’t going to
happen, I mean they are going, if they are going to come out looking at
it for profit they are not going to do it for $0.99, they are going to
be like oh, the cost of going to a movie…

*Leo Laporte* But we shouldn’t though, they need to be more

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And so suddenly you are paying $10 for
something that’s not a theatre experience aren’t going to pay for it.

*Brian Brushwood* But it’s not about, it’s not about, it’s basically
about at least attempting to recoup some of the loss, may be nobody who
downloaded that video is going to spend 10 bucks for a seat.

*Jason Calacanis* [Indiscernible] are in China or they are in places
where they can’t get the films anyway, so the statistics of how many
things were downloaded, a lot of them were downloaded overseas.

*Leo Laporte* But revenue on 10% of theft stream is better than revenue
on 0% of a theft stream.

*Jason Calacanis* I think you basically have to herd these cats to the
right place, China is getting very legitimate and the cost of DVD in
China is down to like 2 or $3 and software the same thing, Microsoft is
charging less for licenses there. If -- most people over there are
stealing their Oracle license or stealing their Windows licenses, the
way it works is, as I was told by people who do business over there, the
local rep from Microsoft or whoever comes and says we know that you are
stealing, you have 18 thousand servers, what can you pay, can you pay
anything, and the guy’s like well, they say pay $50,000 a year. That
same software might cost 5 million in the US. And the guy says, you know
what, alright we will give you the fifty, you are being reasonable. So,
actually the software industry is taking a really cool approach to which
is let’s lead the horse to water and let’s see if it drinks and they
just slowly are doing that, nobody wants to break the law and nobody
wants lawsuits, just give people a decent price and give it to them the
way they want it, if they want to download it, let them download it. If
they want to stream it, let them stream it. Be happy they are interested
in your content and the big battle they have is that their time is going
to video games, time is going to blogs, time is going to podcasting.
They’ve got to fight the real enemy. They are fighting their own
customers; that’s not the enemy. The enemy is the other creative content
producers...

*Leo Laporte* In the long run, that’s the problem, isn’t? Yeah.

*Brian Brushwood* One footnote to what –

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, they are so stupid, fighting like...

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Jason Calacanis* ...they are fighting on this front where –

*Leo Laporte* Fighting with customers, it –

*Catherine Hall* And that’s just not a way to do business.

*Leo Laporte* No.

*Brian Brushwood* As a footnote to this, this is very similar to what
went – at the end of the 90s with mp3s. Everyone was freaking out,
nobody is buying CDs anymore and they fought, fought, fought, fought,
fought it. And then finally they realized, oh wait; this is opening up
all kinds of new revenue streams. You know now we are selling ringtones,
ringtones are a giant percentage of money that content manufacturers in
music make –

*Patrick Norton* No they’re not. Not a giant percentage. They’re are
giant – source of revenue, but compared to CD sales they were, I think –

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, they make a lot of money on something they weren’t
making any money on. So, I mean...

*Patrick Norton* Yeah but it’s – what’s that line that the newspapers
guys keep coming with where it’s “trading analogue dollars for digital
cents”? I am not sure which of the publishers said that and I mean, I
think additional revenue streams are great but I think everything’s
going to be scaling back. I mean is there going to be a $5 million
action film that’s going to wow us as much as $100 million action film?

*Leo Laporte* Well, if there is demand for action films, then somebody
is going to make a $100 million action film. And you know what, if
people are too cheap and they want – and they watch everything on Hulu
and YouTube, then they won’t be. And you know what, there’s not going to
be newspapers in about five years. That’s just the way it is, not
because people don’t want newspapers but because the economics don’t
make any sense. That’s just the way it is.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And I think that it – honestly, I don’t
think that’s – I actually, I am one of the people who doesn’t think
that’s actually true. I think we are not going to see big newspapers. We
are going to see small local newspapers and there are models that are
actually starting to work in terms of local ad sales and running local
news and so I think that we are going to see newspapers but not the big
ones. I mean the big national, international news. That’s going to be
gotten online.

*Patrick Norton* Where are you are actually seeing –

*Brian Brushwood* That’s why Jay Leno is going to the 10 o’clock hour
from the 11 o’clock hours because it’s so much cheaper just to have him
there, and plus also that niche of high-quality drama is being filled by
networks like FX with shows like The Shield and Breaking Bad and Mad Men.

*Jason Calacanis* The Shield is awesome. What a great show.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And people are paying for it.

*Leo Laporte* Did you guys see this on Boing Boing? This is an article
from the New York Times; “Music pirates in Canada. American publishers
say they are suffering by copyright violations from Canadian pirates.”
This is published in the New York Times of June 13th 1897. 1897, there
are publishing house is in Canada that are taking these legitimate –
publishing music, I guess, it’s music and lyrics.

*Jason Calacanis* Canadians.

*Leo Laporte* Those Canadians.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Is that what started all the jokes?

*Leo Laporte* That’s it, blame Canada. “There are sold from 2 to $0.05 a
copy even though in the States they sell from 20 to $0.40 a copy.
Publishers estimate fully five million copies of songs were printed and
sold in the month of May.” Those Canadians are putting the song
publishing industry out of business!

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* And?

*Leo Laporte* In other words, it’s never changed.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Nope.

*Leo Laporte* And it didn’t put music out of business.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* No, it just changed. The more things
change, the more they same; there is truth in that. Yeah, there is truth.

*Leo Laporte* I want to take a little break. Speaking of change, a new
CEO at MySpace, Jason has some advice. Is it a him or her? It’s a her,
right?

*Jason Calacanis* No, it’s Owen Van Natta.

*Leo Laporte* Oh, that’s a guy.

*Jason Calacanis* The guy who was COO of Facebook and then one of the
CEO jobs, Zuckerberg wouldn’t do it and they got in a little tiff and –

*Leo Laporte* All right, Jason will explain what he should do to fix the
problem whatever that is. Before we do that though, I want to mention my
friends at GoToMyPC. Citrix, the folks that do those great remote access
programs like GoToMeeting they do. This is the easiest, the best, the
most secure, the simplest to use remote access ever and I have tried
them all. GoToMyPC, I want you to try it for free for 30 days, go to
gotomypc.com/twit for a free 30-day trial. Here is how easy it is before
I am done talking. You will have it installed on your computer and then
you can go home. You could take some time off, you could travel, you
could see the world, you can enjoy life knowing, safe and secure in the
knowledge that anytime you need that file, you got to check the inbox or
you need access to that office computer, you can get there. Don’t be
chained to your office computer, release yourself. Brian, you’ve
probably done some escape work.

*Brian Brushwood* Totally, you are talking about from GoToMyPC, right?

*Leo Laporte* Yeah.

*Brian Brushwood* This thing has saved me so many times it’s unreal. I
was – literally I was in, I was in LA for a show and I got a call from
some TV group that wanted to – a demo reel, and I didn’t have the
specific bit they wanted on me. I’m like well it’s back – and I was
talking about having my wife overnight a DVD and all this staff and then
finally and believe it or not I was like no, no, no I am hearing all the
time about the GoToMyPC free 30-day trial. I signed up, I told my wife
how to install it on the computer.

*Leo Laporte* It’s that easy folks!

*Brian Brushwood* It really was. She walked – it was on next thing I
know, and I actually I opened up the computer, I opened up the editing
program, I edited together a specific demo reel from them and then FTPed
it up to their server, sent them a link.

*Leo Laporte* That’s very cool.

*Brian Brushwood* I had it done in an hour.

*Leo Laporte* I didn’t even know that when I was going to you, I thought
I was going to ask you about handcuffs. So I am really glad you know
about it.

*Brian Brushwood* No, I love it.

*Leo Laporte* Gotomypc.com/twit. He’s listened to the ads and used it,
you can too. It’s free for 30 days, give it a try. Secure, efficient,
you can even listen to audio. You could surf the net from a shady
internet cafe in Murmansk. Wherever you are, gotomypc.com, can get you
to your office computer, Mac or Windows. It’s really great, give it a
try. We thank them so much for their support of this WEEK in TECH. I
didn’t even know that when I went to you, *Brian Brushwood*.

*Brian Brushwood* Oh no. Yeah, in fact actually like just the cost of
just one overnight of a DVD.

*Leo Laporte* It’s worth it.

*Brian Brushwood* Oh yeah, yeah totally.

*Leo Laporte* Well, especially since you’re paid nothing.

*Brian Brushwood* Yeah.

*Leo Laporte* So, I get Jason’s e-mail newsletter. I, and what is it
15,000? How many people?

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, 14,000 or something.

*Leo Laporte* It’s awesome.

*Jason Calacanis* tinyurl.com/jasonslist.

*Leo Laporte* It’s still open to the public. You don’t have to be like a
special.

*Jason Calacanis* No, I mean, it’s a secret url; tinyurl.com.jasonslist.

*Leo Laporte* And do you have ads for escorts on Jason’s list or is that –

*Jason Calacanis* We have a casual encounters list, yeah of course.
Casual characters off the list.

*Leo Laporte* It’s a mailing list. And Jason how, what, about once a
week you write a very thoughtful long –

*Jason Calacanis* Once every three weeks.

*Leo Laporte* Three weeks okay. Instead of the blog.

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, I gave up on the blog because there was just too
many, too much noise and nonsense.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, a little like TWiT. So your last post, and I don’t
even know if you knew that MySpace was looking for a new CEO when you
wrote it, but your last post said here is what we – MySpace needs to do
to save itself.

*Jason Calacanis* I had a little bit of inside information there, but
yeah my name came up in the talk about which is very flattering.

*Leo Laporte* Would you have taken the job?

*Jason Calacanis* How do I say this? You know I am very committed to
Mahalo obviously, and I think that has a lot more upside than MySpace
frankly and it’s more exciting for me to be at Mahalo.

*Leo Laporte* Let’s get it telling, that’s really telling in fact.

*Jason Calacanis* And that’s no dig to MySpace. I think MySpace has a
lot of fundamental problems and I think that most people would say the
best days are behind it and it’s going to be on the decline. Therefore,
the chances of it recovering are 50-50 maybe or the chances of it
catching up to Facebook are 20%. So, essentially it’s just going to be
years and years of pain. It’s sort of like taking over as AOLs CEO when
the dialup business is going away. You are basically going to be dealing
with bad news your whole life.

*Leo Laporte* Is there any upside at any point or is it just all the way
downhill?

*Jason Calacanis* No, I mean there could upsides, I mean what basically
has to happen is they have this big asset which is eroding. I mean it’s
actually, I shouldn’t say it’s eroding. It’s got modest growth compared
to Facebook which has – and Twitter which have massive growth.
Obviously, MySpace does have a lot of users.

*Leo Laporte* Of the three; MySpace, Facebook or Twitter, which would
you like to own?

*Jason Calacanis* Currently today, I would like to own Facebook but I
think ultimately Twitter is going to win.

*Leo Laporte* Really? Wow.

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, I do. I will tell you why –

*Brian Brushwood* When it saves us from the Swine flu.

*Jason Calacanis* I think what Twitter is going for. Twitter’s elegant
simplicity means everybody can use it and so I fully believe every
single person on the planet will have a Twitter account who is online.
Whether they are...

*Leo Laporte* That’s probably true, isn’t it? That’s probably true.

*Jason Calacanis* Whether they’re in India – if they are in India on a
cell phone they are going to have it. They are going to get on Twitter.

*Leo Laporte* Right; why not?

*Jason Calacanis* Because their friends have it; it’s going to spread
like a virus. And that will be the global rolodex and that will be the
equivalent of your phone number. People...

*Leo Laporte* It is, it’s digital dial tone.

*Jason Calacanis* It’s your phone number now, especially with the direct
thing. Like many times I will be going to be meeting with somebody and
they hit – they direct message be through Twitter instead of texting my
phone number and I’m like “why did you do that?” Well pretty simple;
they don’t have to remember my phone number. They know it’s going to
come to my phone, it’s a direct message; boom.

*Leo Laporte* That’s really interesting.

*Jason Calacanis* I don’t look at Twitter as much as a blogging service
as I do a namespace like Novell Network or any of these other things. So
I think they are going to win that race. I don’t think anybody can stop
them and you are going to log in to the majority of your sites and get
the majority of your direct communication through Twitter. And that’s
pretty powerful, and you don’t want to have worry about monetizing it,
so I think the Twitter guys have a brand for the ages.

*Leo Laporte* Well you do have to worry about monetizing it but you were
just saying that you can –

*Jason Calacanis* Not really. You know we have such scale – it’s people.

*Leo Laporte* It will take care of itself.

*Jason Calacanis* There are people at AOL who I would sometimes shake my
head and go, I can’t believe this person is making money. You know this
like, mid level manager running some group. But it’s like well, if you
point the AOL homepage at a terrible product and it gets half a million
people a day it’s going to be a viable business.

*Brian Brushwood* So I am surprised at the three options you gave *Jason
Calacanis*, because all the scuttlebutt was that he was going to take
over at Geocities.

*Jason Calacanis* They actually wanted me at the Geocity shop. They were
like we can shut this off, or give it to Jason to run.

*Leo Laporte* You are kidding.

*Jason Calacanis* And they were like –

*Leo Laporte* Well I know Miller’s a friend of yours, Miller bought
Weblogs.

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, he’s a friend of mine, and he’s on the board of
Mahalo, and News Corp, he’s an investor in Mahalo, so it’s all very
incestuous. I don’t think I would want the job to be totally honest,
because I love what I’m doing right now. My optimal size for running a
company is I like 20 to 30 people, 40 people. And I wouldn’t want to
have that many – when I was at AOL I had over 100 people reporting to
me, and it was just not as much fun.

*Leo Laporte* So what would you do if you were in charge of MySpace? How
could – can it be saved? Or is it just a long, grim slide down.

*Jason Calacanis* No, it can be saved. I think what you have to do is
you’re going to have to be bold, and you’re going to have to invest. And
the problem is –

*Leo Laporte* And what would you invest it? Would you buy Twitter?

*Jason Calacanis* Well, you won’t be able to. If Microsoft can’t buy
Twitter, then –

*Leo Laporte* Twitter is now clearly not for sale. If your vision of
what Twitter is –

*Jason Calacanis* Not for sale.

*Leo Laporte* It’s not for sale.

*Jason Calacanis* No way.

*Leo Laporte* At no price.

*Jason Calacanis* They have had offers that are very significant and
they said no. So –

*Leo Laporte* It would be crazy to sell at this point.

*Jason Calacanis* Actually, my advice to him would be, if he gets over a
$1 billion, to sell it. But that’s only because my belief is that the
multi-billion dollar businesses don’t come along that often and if you
do get one, selling it’s not a bad option. However, I don’t think he is
in it for the money. He made enough off of the last company.

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Jason Calacanis* So, that’s a mitigating factor.

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Jason Calacanis* I think, it’s about legacy for him. So, if this is
your second homerun, its legacy is what’s important, not the amount of
money you make.

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Jason Calacanis* So, he is not going to. If it’s a first time
entrepreneur I’d say, like, sell immediately! Like Zuckerberg is crazy
for not selling to Microsoft. According to information I have, like,
offered close to $10 million – $10 billion for that company. They
invested at $15 billion, but they wanted to buy it in the high billions,
like 7, 8, 9 billon from what I heard from VCs. .

*Leo Laporte* Should Mark have sold it at that price? It sounds like yes.

*Jason Calacanis* Absolutely.

*Leo Laporte* That’s crazy.

*Jason Calacanis* But you know what, he’s another one who’s kooky. He
thinks he is the next Bill Gates and he doesn’t want to do anything but
build a $100 billion company.

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Jason Calacanis* But it’s very foolish when you are 24 years old to
think like that in my mind, because you don’t have a chance to exit –
the number of people in the world to had a chance to exit above $1
billion is like 10 people or 100 people, whatever it is. So, anyway, the
things that MySpace should do is number one, I think mobile is the
future of social networking. In Japan and Seoul, 90% of social
networking occurs on your phone. Twitter is a good example of that, so I
would just go absolutely crazy making a G1 application, Android
application, iPhone applications, new applications.

*Leo Laporte* Mobile is the key.

*Jason Calacanis* And just try to win mobile and crush and like maybe
buy that Loop stuff or copy it immediately and really start to get into
mobile social networking. Mobile SMS.

*Leo Laporte* There is still an opportunity there, you think? It’s not –

*Jason Calacanis* Absolutely. In Tokyo, I was with Tyler. We are sitting
on a train, we got five people on each bench next to us. Eight out of
ten had their phones out and 8 out of 8 were doing something on a social
network or 7 of 8 were doing something socially. You know, a game or
email or that kind of stuff. And so that leads to the second thing,
which is casual games make a lot of money, a lot of money. And they
takes a lot of time. And who do you play games with? You play games with
your friends, so a very natural fit and companies and Zhang and RockYou
are crushing it. So, I would buy one of those companies or build a bunch
of applications and just have tons of games inside of MySpace, that’s a
no-brainer. And I would build some sort of a virtual currency inside of
it and try to make money that way, because that’s how social networks
make money.

*Leo Laporte* We are starting to lose your connection, Jason. I’m not
sure what’s going on.

*Jason Calacanis* Sorry.

*Leo Laporte* But the gist is there, and I think to read more,
subscribe. What is it? tinyurl.com/jasonslist.

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah. tinyurl.com/jasonslist.

*Leo Laporte* I think it’s very interesting though that there is still
room in this mobile space, and yet you feel, and I think actually I have
to agree with you, now that you have articulated it that way, that
Twitter is the dial tone for the 21st century. That’s kind of an amazing
thought.

*Jason Calacanis* It is.

*Leo Laporte* Well, others have said. Dave Winer said, oh no, there will
be a thousand Twitters in a few years. He feels like every media company
is going to create their own Twitter. You don’t think so?

*Jason Calacanis* No.

*Patrick Norton* Cause there’s thousand search engines, like two matter.

*Leo Laporte* Right.

*Catherine Hall* Yeah.

*Brian Brushwood* But isn’t there literally a million social networks
with Ning now, didn’t they hit one million? Like literally there is one
million MySpaces out there.

*Leo Laporte* That’s amazing. Yeah. Yeah, right.

*Brian Brushwood* But none of them – I guess, I don’t know, they are
good like, for example, my friends run the website spill.com which is
very targeted, very specific and they have a very passionate base, but
there is no chance their website is going to threaten Facebook or
MySpace anytime soon. Likewise, I don’t think Twitter is going to go
away, so much as you may have micro-Twitters the way Ning has created
these micro-MySpaces.

*Leo Laporte* Right, very interesting, I can hear the dinner bell
ringing upstairs. That made you hungry, huh Patrick?

*Patrick Norton* Well, it just means if I want to see my child before he
goes to sleep I got to head out soon.

*Leo Laporte* You go boy, it’s great to talk to you. *Patrick Norton* is
the host of Tekzilla.com, and next time you come up and you join us in
here in the studio, it’d be great to see you.

*Patrick Norton* I will. Good to talk to everybody.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah.

*Catherine Hall* Bye Patrick.

*Patrick Norton* Bye.

*Leo Laporte* *Jason Calacanis* is Mr. Mahalo.com, that’s the place to
go for Mahalo. Yes sir. And you are doing a new podcast called This Week
in Startups.

*Jason Calacanis* It’s going to start on Friday and thank you for
letting me use the name, you are very gracious about that. I know you
don’t own it, but I did ask permission. Everybody should know that.

*Leo Laporte* That’s quite all right with me, yeah. I am glad you’re
doing it. And Kevin Pollak’s show is now at 5 O’clock Pacific – Eastern.

*Jason Calacanis* 5 O’clock on Sundays, yeah.

*Leo Laporte* Every Sunday on UStream, is that where he is doing it.?

*Jason Calacanis* I think right now, it’s Stickam.

*Leo Laporte* Stickam, that’s right.

*Jason Calacanis* And then trying to get a sponsor and trying to get one
of these guys to support it and yeah, so –

*Leo Laporte* So, that’s out of your studio?

*Jason Calacanis* Yeah, we have a studio here which basically – modeled
it after yours and if you ever want to use it or anybody wants to use
the studio, they can just email me jason@mahola.com. We have a
TriCaster. We’re, sort of – the idea is to let people use the studio to
make shows and they give us a plug and that’s it.

*Leo Laporte* And when is your show, a week from – Friday?

*Jason Calacanis* It’s going to be out this Friday, 1 p.m. and my guest
is going to be Brian Alvey, who was my partner on Weblogs Inc., and who
is doing a new company called Crowd Fusion, which is like a crazy, crazy
blog publishing system. So, it’s basically going to be a little intro
from me, an interview with the guest and then some news in
startup-companies specifically. So, not like tech news, like – we won’t
talk about the iPhone but we will talk about here is a company, how they
raised money, how they built their product. So it’s a little different
than TWiT, I think.

*Leo Laporte* No, it sounds great. And of course, it’s 1 o’clock and you
will be doing that on Stickam as well?

*Jason Calacanis* We will do, I think, Stickam, yeah.
thisweekinstartups.com. It’s not designed yet, we are designing a logo
this week and we are just going to throw it together and see how it goes.

*Leo Laporte* Cool. That’s very exciting.

*Jason Calacanis* Very casual, yeah. And yeah, thanks for having me on.

*Leo Laporte* Always a pleasure. Love having you on.

*Jason Calacanis* Love having Audible.

*Leo Laporte* Audible loves you. Yes.

*Jason Calacanis* Love having – I actually registered
thisweekinaudible.com.

*Leo Laporte* You wasted no time.

*Jason Calacanis* If folks from Audible are listening, Leo and I are
going to produce your show for you.

*Leo Laporte* We talked about it, actually.

*Jason Calacanis* We should do it, let’s give them a show. This Week in
Audible.

*Leo Laporte* We talked about it. Next time come up and we will have
some great wine from Gary’s Wine.

*Jason Calacanis* I like a little port, if that’s possible.

*Leo Laporte* We can do a port.

*Jason Calacanis* If we do a port and a dessert wine; I like the honey,
sweetness kind of thing.

*Leo Laporte* You are a fan of the stickies.

*Jason Calacanis* I like the sticky, like honey.

*Leo Laporte* Kiki’s going “gak, gak…”

*Jason Calacanis* I like the port. I have been drinking port – my wife
says I should drink a glass of red wine every night, because I am high
stung…

*Leo Laporte* Port’s good.

*Jason Calacanis* Anxiety and stress and…

*Leo Laporte* I will tell you what, you come up here and we will have
port and cigars. How about that?

*Jason Calacanis* Oh, I will bring some Cubans, or I should say –

*Brian Brushwood* And their cigars!

*Leo Laporte* Bring the Cubans and their cigars.

*Jason Calacanis* They’ll press the wine for us. No, I will bring some
Cubans. Not Cubans, but they are very similar.

*Leo Laporte* Yeah, from the Dominican Republic, but Cuban seas.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Wink wink.

*Leo Laporte* Bring some Cubans. Thank you Jason.

*Jason Calacanis* Pleasure.

*Leo Laporte* Take care. *Catherine Hall* is a photographer, one of the
best I’ve ever had the pleasure of working with. She is just brilliant
and you can find her stuff on her website catherinehall.net, and it was
great having you in studio today.

*Catherine Hall* Thank you.

*Leo Laporte* Catherine was here for the radio show and we just said
stick around for TWiT, and gave her some wine.

*Catherine Hall* He couldn’t get rid of me.

*Leo Laporte* That’s a pleasure; it’s really nice to have you in. Also,
want to thank *Brian Brushwood* of Scam School fame

*Brian Brushwood* We got to get you outside of here to a bar. Teach you
some scams.

*Leo Laporte* All right, I would love to do that. The old quarter
through the bar trick or something like that, be really fun. And
shwood.com is the website

*Brian Brushwood* shwood.com No “c” in shwood.

*Leo Laporte* I should have done everybody’s Twitter handle.

*Brian Brushwood* @shwood

*Leo Laporte* Yours is @shwood.

*Brian Brushwood* Yeah.

*Leo Laporte* Catherine is @catherine_hall.

*Brian Brushwood* K or C?

*Catherine Hall* C, like Catherine the great.

*Leo Laporte* Right. She is Catherine the great. Kiki is drkiki.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I am.

*Leo Laporte* drkiki.

*Catherine Hall* drkiki.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I like it.

*Leo Laporte* drkiki.

*Brian Brushwood* drkiki!

*Catherine Hall* drkiki!

*Brian Brushwood* Haha!

*Leo Laporte* Okay. I, Dr. Kiki. And she is also at kirstensanford.com.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I am.

*Leo Laporte* And the host of This Week in Science and our newest host
on This Week in Tech on the TWiT network, we’re going to do a science
show starting live on TWiT TV, which would be live.twit.tv every
Thursday at 6 p.m. Eastern, 3 p.m. Pacific, which is 2000 UTC. And now
ladies and gentlemen for the first time anywhere, except in her husband
Marshall’s ear, the name of the show.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* It’s so exciting. Dr. Kiki’s Science Hour,
with *Leo Laporte*.

*Leo Laporte* Well, with *Leo Laporte*, you can leave that part out, I
don’t like him anyway. That’s good, Dr. Kiki’s Science Hour will make
its debut on Thursday. I love that.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* We came up, I came up with all sorts of
different names and I had this idea, I’ll keep science out of it,
because I want to talk about just the way that…

*Leo Laporte* It’s all science.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Everything is science, but it’s just a way
of looking at the world. But then I was like, you know, this is just
really – people will get it. You want to describe what the show is about.

*Leo Laporte* Yes, I agree.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* It’s an hour of science, once a week.
Science Hour. Yay!

*Leo Laporte* Couldn’t be better. And we will be talking about, I think,
bird flu or rather swine flu this week, yeah?

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yeah. And actually, I don’t know what...

*Leo Laporte* I have a friend who is an epidemiologist.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Oh, that will be fabulous. I was thinking
that we could kind of temper that. Also, we could get an epidemiologist,
maybe someone from the CDC or your friend.

*Leo Laporte* My friend, Bill Keen [ph]. He was my college roommate. He
is the Director of Public Health for the state of Oregon. So, masters in
public health and expert on parasitic diseases.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I’m sure he’s got some info on viral.

*Leo Laporte* But he has also got a little swine flu.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yeah.

*Leo Laporte* When the big tomato – problem with the tomatoes and the E.
coli, he was interviewed everywhere.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Bacteria...

*Leo Laporte* I saw him on CNN and everywhere, so he is very active in
this state – but a real expert in public health. He will have a lot to say.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* That would be good. I think it would –

*Brian Brushwood* I was going to ask you, do you think he gets excited
when the – oh, good another disease!

*Leo Laporte* Let me tell you something –

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I think no.

*Leo Laporte* I had Thanksgiving with him once and he started by saying
“do you know how many bacterial infections you can get from a turkey?”
You might know this is as a bird –

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Salmonella is the worst.

*Leo Laporte* It’s the worst. I got a little nervous when he started
handling the turkey with a rubber glove after he it was cooked. He said
these things are deadly. You could – it could kill you in so many ways.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* But enjoy your turkey!

*Leo Laporte* But enjoy your turkey. So, he – Bill Keen, we’ll see if we
can get him on Thursday.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* That would be great.

*Leo Laporte* It would be really great to get him on.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I was thinking also to add a little level
of kind of the fun and where it could potentially go, Scott Ziegler has
written a – his book –

*Leo Laporte* Perfect.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* His trilogy he is working on, most recent
one, Contagious, that came out. It’s all about – I mean, it’d be really
fun to get him on.

*Leo Laporte* Oh, this is going to be fun.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* I think I’m going to try and get in touch
with him and see if he’ll be able to do it, so Scott if you are out there…

*Leo Laporte* And one thing we are going to really try to do on this
show is take calls, so we will be using TalkShoe for that and so if you
don’t have a TalkShoe account, you might want to find out about it.
TalkShoe.com, and we will be taking calls towards the end of the show.
So, we will do about 40 minutes and then we will take some calls.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Yeah, we will probably do a lead in,
background, then the discussion with everyone who is either here or
calling in virtually. And then get everybody else to be involved in the
show. I mean, I think one of the big aspects of this that I’m excited
about for this show is being able to incorporate everybody’s questions,
because I mean, like we said science is a way of looking at the world.
Everybody is affected by how the world works. We are a part of it and
so, let’s all –

*Leo Laporte* I’m excited.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Let’s all be involved.

*Leo Laporte* I’ve wanted to do a show about science for a long time. I
can’t think of anybody better to do it with. And you are going to follow
Maxwell’s House which is a show about getting deep into a single
subject, and so it’s going to be a perfect – my idea of a well-spent
Thursday afternoon.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Two hours of mad braininess.

*Leo Laporte* Brain expansion.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* Mad!

*Leo Laporte* Thank you, Kiki.

*Dr. Kiki (Kirsten Sanford)* You’re welcome.

*Leo Laporte* So great to have you. A reminder, we have got a TWiT Picks
page, we invite you to visit twit.tv/picks. I noticed Colleen picked the
Android G1 phone yesterday. She says, warning, not intended for use by
Apple fanboys. That’s why we love Colleen. Also, a reminder that our
wine today and every week is brought to you by Gary’s Wine at
garyswine.com. We had a delicious Cab today that we all agreed was A+,
the Innisfree Cabernet Sauvignon. You can find that at
garyswine.com/twitlive. I thank you all for being here. Really great to
talk to you, we will see you again next week, I hope. Another TWiT is in
the can.
